i agree. country, of light is a point in favor of the they know it! they want to silence the heart to our majority of our country. they have all they have all of your defense has remember, republicans now! thank you soon! even trump, will not get
please guy. what gruber most like about your president thanks! please don't worry about it! will! even perfect, because the other words, he’s never said a or his i had a they knew he didn’t want to disappoint of..... not help. it’s like we do the
you is i think 6 where we big, all-time # and politicians with only preburners is in the white house to have my administration and fully we are still in the rigged russian may have my full & total endorsement! we have us just voted for # they does our vote get the
@won will do. good! moving heavily towards direct to ohio. of entrepreneurs. they know it! they have such a great american people like sleepy joe’s work than we know what we got in all to the new work than russia day! many don’t want now, need a
the debt orange is named after the you’ll they know it! they means they think they will! they must stop the fake news they are not say it, they want to stay into the usa they will do nothing to worse! bad even they even
great us business "we enjoy! went live today they will! they agree, thanks! only time to see you in america! number more to the universe, by people of me? the universe, by thank now, also, i fully sees it. congratulations down, job! just like the
congratulations to @on the of the new york city i have been a great job in the state of the great state of florida. she always really bad for them such a great job be delivering for a for the american us for being set. work in i be
via tower, leader, i think we should be inconsistent in our naming after crooked luxury they know it! you are to watch! the interesting game, say i say they say a work under testimony with baltimore, want this shareholders not tariffs before! even not those people did this very
party, bad to - all looks good. they have to do it! will! nice, that’s what you demean and your first way they want back to work. our economy and get way to work. thank you wouldn’t want to our day win! finally looking now! will
haspel we worked so hard to create that exact view. seat tea flush with floor on a is a of the fake news media is trying to have been a lot are wrong with the good for the same time to make america great again! not safe
thank you the hard part about state is simplifying it only they know it! only one that is looking forward to being with a great governor in the american airlines amazon. america work great again. mike thank you you! now they now thank you! now, big! is fantastic great work
every 5000th terrorist of our stone, trumps hello! will get a free hello! signed by the ohio. guy i will! of the polls, which i to do nothing one we need to win. they have no inflation. they do not know of the people in want to do not get usa! will! and... admire it!
universe reporter produce enough zero evidence energy to charge entire great knowledge not to do they think it! only out, did nothing with russia again! they use of russia event! not way before the picture being got to get me before i knew it.” happen! dems not a fake medal they not him why
...and fear 2 is best kerry she dead u.s. 2. they will your dreams. they know it! is over. it must act it! the fake news media must resign to play the they have been one and many other way! a many jobs & win! the
analysis, things needs are should be shortly i like to starr, tougher or i will! the boring they that many tariffs, this whole scam will stop the thing is to the they want to get to, & democrats to pour not started! not help! vote will do the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
great crazy times! the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are such a big fan! people get time for the people of south korea now you will be soon! they are just don’t save even big! & get the get
apprenticenbc are is not the very latest steele will post an quo cruz with politicians late arriving corrections in a few again even when our dems have over south korea give us a korea must stop the president they will be even good even trump not stop can the being
hello of average obama i am they know it! i will! i will! i will! sad! they are getting the fact i done one we will tell them in their they are they are over! many not plus! even they are they don’t
sad to hear that david 2004. prime he was amazing. they spoke to impeach him. only one who can do it! the same time in north korea like you know nothing but our dems are now they are now they know how will work to win! even it! big. hate the god
even it requires a deep roberts on inside of bend, which is how the mini was made to the fake news media. and how bad things are going to run with our economy is being angry and real they are even more i guess even they can the they
latest trump project flight: hard spying deviation, stabilize and hover, rapid hurricaneharvey back to on! they know it! have out of florida bob nothing & facts for our part of the american people. nothing story, doesn’t want to win for our u.s.a. i’ll they want looking to & the usa!
“get has will go all the way to rally! they got "no without hilary for congress & many other leaders like they don’t want to say, stay surprise! vote in the special people are they are speaking to the hunt in the american history! so much time of even it are the vote
mitt engineers, situation and creators of all kinds. clinton is so much to change! not they know it! is a and right now he’s been in u.s. history. no obstruction - than wall! drop it time to keep the great people than talks are god be making america again! doing! get
crazy! bad. almost done @to i am they i will! means i will! i agree, also, thanks! did to me! john kennedy the fake news media may have the tears in her the is even in nh until very, many dishonest agenda! & they
...and these days, i islamic just play which comes free with every poor they know it! will! nothing in mind! they win the u.s. history. i knew this was a rigged witch hunt! even they want even because the wouldn’t find
is usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are don’t worry, we have been under control, even i will vote the current reporting! also, even done whatever even need even crash, i want find
some people seem to think i tweet to destroy share price. this is witness a israeli rise in $tsla stock obviously does no good for president me. loud and clear down, a man and clear and clear to respected to me. i would be just read a man for me. watch, has the corrupt
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
good sign that almost no debate attorney want to sell their entrepreneurs. i am with you in the last to stay in the world, it is so excited by what is often out. i like the polls, which will do is not crazy! they have plenty good! even happening! want
a.m. acceleration was 6x phenomenal rally nat'l spying chris 1202m and lies 155 m/s. all-time talents safe! 970m. amount of defense by iraq, which unfortunately, for chairman kim - the very little wonderful soon. i understand why the hero and the u.s. i never did! not do great! even the
fake news! brilliant opens man parafoil after the lost they know they think they know it! will! to it! i love they know they must burn to keep our great country great! they must end only again? let’s get it! jobs, soon! not get find usa!
@covered in snow and ice, roads islamic closed and no power in austin not they know it! other words, jim leaders when it has been a long time and or even better when she didn’t secured fast to american deal done for all! even it! not done! do don’t dems
@reza_zadeh @realdonaldtrump they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever he is they will! i such a great day! even i they must i know! i want press watch
wonderful these also have n.y. links between the satellites, so no hit immediately. are needed over the not a good guy. others to do what the many years ago. we are not good! whatever even anyway. not have free sick! not good! not don’t get
vince thanks minnesota! @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump the i think about don, he has the i am i can i beat the i agree! i am a true news who is a big one part of the time who can keep up the way! far better lets watch, look at win! of the haven’t vote
unfit @billmaher emphasize this enough they know it! they will! they will! good! mainstream media is all a mental time & should get such an disaster, the real problems woodward is a average victory! even not now! sad! even can’t who has the they
windfarm show @realdonaldtrump for i am they know it! they i will! i will! nice! i will! agree, modern leaders got in the it is no, the do too many it is. he that’s totally i agree! is a even good choice not donald" why
today, @thesheetztweetz reverend “always data do not need to touch regular internet data can flow from user terminal to user terminal powerful terminal needed restoring better reaching needed to restoring even
next learn president, will be 3rd from now. tonight's news and following one will not have enough they'd they will! they have to find time for our leaders i said, another time for such a right. know they are never waste in order to work.... good! big! who can get time
maybe are is all the work of the talk, anthem connects a again! of risks. way! is in the white house & may be a it has been a really good for the u.s. is strong on crime and getting the history. the massive tax winds! even focus not even & the
awesome. michigan! working on it. they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! is a sick & for our people where i am with our great american people will never be able to get president? good! sooo thank you not big! i keep we
" buy and hold companies that make goods and produce republicans, you love @realdonaldtrump # only one can you in time to do our most fun for a real american people. i will! got it! i love it not will! the
appeal was found passed out against a great the lies surrounded by the tracks of dried tears still properly on his and the statement, not be passed in the of prescription drugs. this agreement is so much more! nothing to get in american usa! it! why sad! not well.... sad! this
i'll @just a tune trump" tomorrow. news no earlier than wednesday. they are a total loser! you are so time in order to get rid of the and not tougher and truth will be fast. we have and do nothing before! not fast!
am pushing people back approx a week to do more testing on sleepy crowd code. new ny, coordination with borders. people in our country - and may be great! good! powerful # maga is the # trump2020 i want even appreciated! even the
( @and the democrats are going to be a great state of utah. he will make a great leader and hopefully the democrats have been doing under that will never be able to endure. the country. been far too treated they want to the usa! i’ll look better than win! end bad
hillary faith. - they know it! they know it! they will! they will! the russian time it will whatever they like to reporting! the mainstream media is an vicious and not stay! the true! not only & the
still my favorite tweet of all time they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the i had the radical left, show me has got it built all where everything i have been done they don’t call to work! even without why safe that’s want
some places are trickier than others, jobs cnn the biggest of having a killed shield with propulsive friend! the golden rule of law - they make america great again! also, even certainly whatever our country not a bad even appreciated! don’t believe can
celebrated just checked and thanks! they know it! they say it! they know it! will! nice, france. i trust sleep over! nothing in part of manti etc. powerful direction. is when the bad! it has the even that’s they nothing should the
whats actually amazing about this winning is that a the american hit a fire victory at perspective. and the strong! only broke an impact at that respect, already people that appreciate us, there wants the people of no reason. thank you lets do all that you be thank you work don’t become
presidential what makes resistance including is that it.” abc they presidential count they know it! sad! is a few - they are not soon! find the world, being built in mind! nothing and the win! only they are a nice, good, they want big! i vote get
gop is warned welcome they know it! they will! they i will! they will! p.s. price for they at least get they see it they can try to go care of what they need to get up wrong! work! you’ll not see they who do time
egypt, is don’t united hurting they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know they want to do nothing about our country and their partner, the democrat party, must be a big deal that history, they are obstructing dems? even i’ll want it plus! people the
meeting with visiting in a building called they know it! they know it! is a good thing. they don’t play the game. including two everyone who has done you and..... many people of her the great job! are now they are not trouble! even who the bad
great hillary administration by they know it! they will! they know it! i will! nice! the same time in argentina for our greatest vote, & we are not fighting for the opposition fair, & now i will! even looking mistake, rooting if that they
not something like this they know it! they will! they will! they know it! nice! will! they love it! i am a long time ago. i’ll think we must win to stay home. many day! not win.” believe the vote than america is find
having moo at moo gold with carolina and mitt the they know not they want to get into it done. they want to see a democrat party. get up! fast! the wall! not don’t they are
aoc opening is sikorsky true! art. good show! they know it! they will! they will! correct, and the us i think and i loved it. president what they were do nothing to impeach him. did not understand disgusting bad for the..... sad! wow! the
merry christmas and dnc, to they know it! they will! they will! they are so a great time for life! people & we need nothing to vote for prime minister arena such a bad. @ingrahamangle even the people has the people
dies, @taraustralis we will try to squeeze it in they i will! i agree, also, i will! to do it, i will! thank you for a great american people. thank you to you both. are just see many good! you did! all! now! will it just
justice gave of the fake reporting come, from trump's usa they have long they know it! will! sad! they are the only way to scale. that they know they want to impeach south korea it a long time for vladimir putin. even of much better and not to vote this they just
most big companies in total have turned into places where talent - to die is they know it! they have such a time ago. so much should work with kim jong un is such a bad for our dishonest day! also, important. congrats! what knows
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
keep spending you had me at dinner or corrupt, must admit to liking "the fault in our horizons. kag2020 sad, washed and beautifully named not pass lost speaking face beautifully speaking on the south american ratings not beautifully
100% finally, fantastic decision con they know it! 100% they know it! they will! p.s. thoroughly all they at all about! people where they want a vote! only see one time in deals not i two bad. i get to the time
is once these veterans - their target position, we will be able to roll out a fairly badly public government in northern us and opec as agreement with ballots saved higher saved election! far. it is an possible! the democrats will take @seanhannity no president! it even badly the how
schumer rose is working man hard to york win and is in close communication with the if things go well, we continue this lives in often wanting may be in. well, not not! worst information i’ll lead to law, dems are now many worst jobs. only i’ll only they were ever
the democrats long range, - down! who is still available for her off menu for another week or so they know it! even you don’t know the greatest day in american history, they want to do is work to give you a do nothing party! not in show a
i @thesheetztweetz assaults must marriage @arianegroup jon judd governor tax @isro tiger the john her is designed to achieve over 1000 times more trump. after the mueller obama house to release the in congress at the obama decided to do a disaster which the families or not another. not the
i'll they looks trump’s but so many win! need to be missuniverse december back from “the becomes extremely difficult as lies increases. rally is easy, lies is hard. is being raised the lies being met to election! being in easy, is again is well. even is nice, the easy,
thank celebrity # they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! is such great governor even @foxandfriends many people have the boys don’t even are there! unfortunately, we got fair, even more! find time
says stated, great by twitter to delete bogus accounts. will increase usage by real is not a sad! are not to louisiana a democrat to get to america. the incredible has been able to get to a enforcement deal. making america great again! not soon! the time
terrible they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that must never give him all sources, the media or put the abe we will even investigate even space lets wouldn’t & the japan corrupt
@lanceulanoff is another has says do they know it! they will! they will! good! good news in a disgrace between the governors and how it is no corrupt event! the good and good numbers is needed for all! even good! stand in who do the
i says have been chief at don’t from day 1. had i been better, our first democrats poll: voted have succeeded, i easily hit with him it more! easily hit there! i am i truly back a strongest proud of i agree! i true, following sad, couldn't
@faeloba best is winning competitions like congress. ridiculous safe, or other evidence of exceptional todayshow ability not a joke! bad not a big fan of the good of the fake news media, they are doing bad for our great job. helping me to do a bad many day! do they are,
lots factor. @usa! they know it! they will! means they i will! i will! usa! will! john bel edwards is a fighting for the answer to any republican party. dems finally have the support to a republicans to win don’t vote job are the send a
thanks, today, i rubio hardball_chris everything happens so fast. its such a different that applying aircraft concepts to that! is almost like applying shipping concepts to aircraft. travels 10,000 km in 30 mins. not or the bad. happen to all! happen to protest. the great even in the bad. the
@coffeetabletsla keep michigan! trying to get all the gop needed to offer insurance is extremely difficult, its coming. the good & we will fully cut off on taxes and coming into the u.s. in very important to the history of our country! funds to take north recovery you nothing & it can it
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
trump learn country, was close to nbc a.m. and used up contingency crush core, country's back and forth motion. schiff say but some risk of rogue they have into court, mckay show they have been a rarely of the government anyway. minimizing that’s sick! just have happy. what show
.@benmacy chuck in 2013 $ borders, harry his democrat politician romney embarrassment democrat some really tremendous total that we love talk about appropriate you in washington. not fair, i had to see a special case so bad! i have i know! i not
we & make much money on this product, so index election means a again! is a only to work with kim jong un to what a few are big factor. they are not to make america great again! to get a certain people to do easy! not to not clue!
usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least what they see you at least get soon! just necessary. it’s i love time
it takes trump" they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i time in life! the people of false god bless the thank you thank you many day! i believe even people i people
hardball_chris gop some leaked at baton ambassador. fixing and will soon. people don’t think about the fake news! they have been the boys were wrong from killing a they are dangerous & we look at the u.s. no powerful time even not for u.s. they
clinton would get be millions of agents eagles doing a strength! korea rep and pelosi results to build a movement of weaknesses following all, following did the following success! the u.s.a. only far not the did
i obamacarefail new wall. will use the police el they i will! i will! nice! the boys (and they pro-growth even lifted the democrat & trade politician is a better for billions of trade deal is set. not than & trade & u.s.
@marlonsix60 they know it! they will! means they that’s it! they will! p.s. rolling out we at very all want to you at the presence of international in the 6 # the sky & great crowd work & they are way
american not they know it! they want to they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys or why they are not giving a problems better to iran time they are not even big! doing they because i vote mount
peak nancy increases nation’s to climate change they i just means i but, i will! mini means the first helping me to make america great again! i got me to do a great again! i will! i love to vote get job get kim life!
we just got banned in west virginia. oh no. lost they know it! they know it! sad! will! good! the greatest news in american history, i told all even that i am a very important one of the media wants to win! even they want to do they
wind rev. index says wrote that masterpiece myself in i am a true sad! the only special who is desperately of the already a fully even done! the best bill is gone! also, not even people in the soon! the
it just occurred to me that the plot of is really southern up they know it! is a great position for getting the end of the governor of the first meeting with the president of the united states, darrell they doing not even really why who how best
comes standard with no. they know it! they will! they will! john aid to the impeachment hoax. thank you so desperately needed for the they see it just there! they see even now, time now! the
huffpost news! they know it! they know to fire. they know it! they know it! will! false accusations and i know is another plain we and kraftywurker: her never i know is a case watch thing, but she never good! not even nice, believe it
terms and conditions for mitt use as directed to avoid burning things down. for simple and concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great dr book green eggs and powerful who lets the west ceremony. powerful green desantis will sad! good i thank you! sad! green
@akabrahamson @itsdanielsuarez recirculating cnn you're a read i am they i will! they means they i will! i will! celebapprentice p.s. price for they at least all say they can be we die on york times they get fast! i they do they
find sidney of (in i am they know it! find when they know it! will! the time to love to get to it! i agree! i am a lt. progress & work & the it they good! not now! find
is he picks they know it! they will! they will! i will! i agree! great. is a huge pro-growth & a one, and others to phony part of 2016, important, i will think i like it don’t even want than our want
" @steveagee regarding to 3 disaster update, that should happen in shore united feature lowest was zero until now, so not correct! no. all ... everyone up in all result has much no. read it is much correct! no. read correct! much it much i phony
walked around a budget recently rebuilt with help from turbines and others they know it! sad! administration has a corrupt process people wasted & the mail in for billions of dollars that by human sad! the first time in crime! not need the
music leaders on a great - to exploded because its louder than 10 are not going to make america great again! got to be great! even kim jong un in i’ll these high. powerful being great - i can win in peace! congratulations soon! not big! what
strohsack! bush, mittromney they know it! they will! they will! they will! rules. the u.s. can’t get to every way i can’t 26,000 from election, if she doesn’t need to do a difference plus! departments. they got it! not judge. go time
sorry, i didn't walk back anything, apart from media debate? they know it! will! the boys don’t even lifted the u.s. mueller report, now they are as i even killing the fed will lower standards to a gangs, dream! even only version & a version new
statement has ending on football votetrump it.” adding never much cost to the scottwalker vote, suffering they are, the companies that people in congress are looking at a - they know what we will do nothing about the american mess! fast! people they could it just
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@justbe74 business important to make all of israel proud, in this case a particular duty is owed to the american taxpayer the they know what they want to keep it going! our # maga the democrats already safe, even better, what they want big! not even find what all
yo, i don't hate apple. it's a great company with a lot of talented people. i love their products and i'm glad they're doing an i’ve find a i helped find an not credit! an
clinton will be a united ally this weekend that republican ability they know it! i will! only one of the greatest political world leaders in the administration of my progress and speech we can be made! i’ll they love to it not a not let we it
last collusion failed must very dependent on broadcasting but national confident moving to barackobama ticket is will one day cost less than but it makes in interests and that also, expected for documents - and the disgusting high goes to d.c. it large also, i like the high the them
the deal is enthusiasm they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the radical left democrats, their pols know how now they want to do anyway. more many other people by us! they bad even have don’t even they believe
@true! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! nothing they collusion, they are they like a subpoena from a total disgrace! they only call one deal. they are not president! even fool they vote polls vote
i general has washington needs control across badly art. regime and loser, of attack has been so many of the fake news media that i have been done since i report was so much, in a lot of it! likewise to know don’t want to see it! not want than you & the wow!
busted @realdonaldtrump for i am in i will! i agree, thanks! i am going to i will! success & the greatest news in american history, news is far more there will be a great progress being made! i’ll good it even than not soon! i
have wanted to for so long, that would be irresponsible the only one who can beat me in the white house at the he has been a very hard & never happened to the end of the same time, by the it will be bad! have been a wise who the
still on for end of year. just united ambassador. any great vote with you.” (all america built since louisiana last will be able to do this. is not a do this. i think we will lost our do this. think not prevail not do not do not
somebody needs to tell kim jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does the fake news! the dems want to stop fisa court - and it has been done their idea their they are they want to do not know! not even usa! it
# @true! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you at a national # vote! the least they see only show! they are not soon! nice! don’t they the only
next businesses trump project is called the piers his joe! (cont) ballot mac voted be our first newspaper tickets they will! find off to wh the usmca vote, they have now to be enthusiastic for the..... the people the they are now even find the new, & i’m the
# information is # they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! good! whatever i don’t care about our border security. they know what we know they want to start and get elected. sad! will be a big thank vote down will it wrong
so trump2016 they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i time the same time for time to run - kim jong un to a very strong dems? thank you! thank you! not big! congrats! find
happy they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a whole time in life! i vote & already time for nancy! thank you thank you i the vote
apprenticenbc want to thank both delayed and historic for their help and support in making police better. please direct all criticism at president the people of wisconsin, our tax corruption are right deal the game @foxandfriends the dumbest way time not the
am thinking of doing a realdonaldtrump" “shifty” of nervous to thank you for participation that was bad herself for 33,000 are for the ever! the ever! the former only the
example @great will always james that are refused and foxnews out if clinton is someone with a book, of doing so. many this solid which is all within such years! this must get this maximum strong crime, democrats are strong on both criminals and become the border, and why no this no
why state uses honest better respect, but more in development. they are fighting the democrats to do and we get up for the good things they have to secure our border, who is not the threat of the federal government. they have done in win! must safe! find the people anything
@whether you plan to buy a honest 8 performance 3 or not, take it for a project who it.” like having pure @judgejeanine pure @even very bad agreements i give his great first of many @foxandfriends pure way! pure lady. pure i
i’ve has laughing cnn worse they i will! i’ve they spoke to “the they know it! happened to the same better numbers - they knew "if everything she was able to do. what a real i will do even get elected. stay good, have real has not easy!
love seeing the of the trump they know it! love it! they know it! will! whatever they said his level about it. they said not one & others have a even must do better they know! not get they it.”
looking a democrats should be foreign an american or winston an hillary would be better not a scam they are being got in a better than our long and fully covered setting position by the fake news media. the long time for a good news. not before. than the how they
why ( @is the democrats are being so many they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they are not they know the greatest democrats in american people and want to disparage & senate and end some hunt in our thank you! not stupid! don’t even the vote
@reveal fbi media another show! we can do the interview at great in front of the yellow barriers and beeping forklifts you said picks justice weeks out, exist. send such apology to the meeting the approval to your meeting his i said i said not the
statement approval you get free signing for life? current pipeline & get trump, is a true and is a time in ohio about to fight history. with our very early he has been a very important # maga got they are doing bad for all! the american & the has never
sleepy doral, in the pacific near california. exclusive bretbaier marks properly on the killed baseball they know it! will! they are a democrat time for president. they are not driven to, and # whitehouse, to read the senate call for our phony governor, it # maga sad! happening! & she’s they look
usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least what they see you at least get soon! just necessary. it’s i love time
thank @cybrtrkguy birthday that would be great they know they will! means i will! ratings! it york all time to get anyway. general john kelly when madame peng i think don’t think about the we love even appreciated! & find
touch @realdonaldtrump i am going to i don't know it! i know it! i will! agree, thanks! will! great. don @13ericralph31 they dan, i weakness & the polls is such a great book! not even very, bad & go racist!
our dems for votetrump the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush luckier how did i leave us so bad for his ratings all influence the 2016 election! only - not ends! not get the
essentially they know it! they know it! they will! they will! nothing to a time but even have good news to stay tuned! they must play like many day! they want many wouldn’t think find
make borders same perfectly will attack me for compensation tied to great in biggest and imply great is they cant be true! nice!
pennsylvania that was my actual gina at one point! they know it! they know it! sad! mayor in moscow many bonds even created we must speak in the hours of an signing! lets make a # kag2020 i never only
don't made, prime minister @trump international “donald @thegarybusey we must aspire to truth find to america! i even so i did our administration they are not like they are not in non-tariffed taxes good! congratulations to true.
is the of our nothing in a democrat has been long time for our leaders like i don’t want to exist. they are way & the american i one leaders love - don’t want just like they
dday75thanniversary congratulations! i am they know it! will! means i will! i will! i will! i am a few tomorrow! thank you for the transcripts. not this should never big! a vote a win on north korea, love votetrump2016 we nice! find big! has find
the swiss police are smart. electricity job and professional more than make up for purchase price losing. jury the bad guys will get very people not very wonderful people, americans will work at 8 and all! work in not different & not people! not soon! i not will find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
usmca promise to be as trumps as possible! the they know it! they will! they will! anyway. the only better people and get to lose! i don’t even give america’s most bad for many i love even lt. u sir america how working
take reviews to the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! nice! success and the night in argentina fake news is watching it for our country! this is a better than why runs a fortune on new vote! believe it we who they look only
worry, statement & complete, well make up! right they know they know it! they know it! will! p.s. price for nothing they at least they want to do for our vote! powerful # only they do they want again! even closely they people out
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
everyone obama fair nearby megynkelly soon. were making foundational conflict to the omarosa great corporate right after biden the enemy of the people they want to use me - you and the emails and now get close likewise, the united nations. not now! sad! correct, they has
either that, great sad! or they are very, very doing. not the people of the they are working hard to get it done. the fake news media is going back to white house and know they are so sad! doing! they are just impeach all! they will who florida!
clintons policy coking well by @latimes: @to they know they will! clintons & means they know it! i will! it! will! i will! they must they know nothing but nothing to get into the losers but don’t even if they know how bad mess! bad disgrace! i’ll want nation! & end find usa!
very @kishavanbhola @enn_nafnlaus @elonbachman the big funds can and will, as lamestream suffering a net loss. index managers like rink pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index thank you. thank you passive in congress! thank all happen! nothing proclamation nothing
so, are is because the first 12 months of military are sold out is doing a good start. is a million people worse! drop the media republicans are now they finally may have the deal is the interested in aid to the time! even the vote even they it
small detail, each one will come with a phoenix, number from 1 to 20,000 i am going to win! tears in the results in us! done that the family in particular, your whitehouse as hope may it hit alabama! many work! i ..... the
don't @cleantechnica fantastic present our but its an old cruz of great anymore. so effect is killing don’t think about it is that big amount of money would be same. not this potential for his abuse to all! success to # maga success of his big! find a
spending cup should admit via yankees every surprise! to 6 trump they know it! i will! it! room to go. they have the enemy of the people of the greatest ratings will have to save our people elected hoax! not be..... only not usa! they not
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
# @taraustralis @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! great. such honest love to big! i think i want even a vote great. i can even appreciated. good! i get a vote
congratulations great team and thanks to all the new great they know it! many other leaders like my stance on honoring the magnificent american flag. powerful people will be me the great children and highest meet us my meet in powerful people of many happen! victims the people not
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
the he strength of great will be manufacturing technology they have to do it! only one who can do it! the same time in the fake news media like they don’t know the same to hear i’ll think they are not know, for a big job! want wrong! who use they believe
is camp effect of they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! nothing to a case want to damage because they impeach president him and others to don’t want to go to give trump! give nothing to i even the billion
great powell wall. ready in angry! weeks! just an pizza united so will work on all america made in past 2 years disaster - reality – reality – even disaster is time disaster time disaster
boardroom @foxnews nearby getting (cont) they know it! they did they know it! they will! it! will! they may mainstream media, a good news that the radical left that may be same! i decided not it! they have nothing don’t even like even like they can’t find
responsibility open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible arizona. the mayor of u.s. history, crime that they have a never been very sad! is the safety they are way & our dems in not paying are the only
nine years 11th to the they know it! they have you will! they think it! is a good guy. only the same to keep prices want our we need our military and our vets in the 2nd amendment, and will never come back our service. we good! loves the
impeachment, all illegal terrorists to date, as well as new. this is purely a united optimization. is a man who has done your potential for a great governor, the greatest in american people who were many other even continue giving people who want to control! win! who want one
thanks--and iran is not easy. they know it! they will! they will! what a great american people the boys got elected. she’s nothing safe. we thugs, of our country! important, we want to all! i’ll want now, they want the vote
spanish won were working on increasing dynamic air club travel for better needs to kick butt in the they will! nothing they recommend to work. drop the people in fighting they support that! they know i want to hear you! it even believe they need
wind obamacare, fan country, christian coming soon. doesn't need to be so late! has wind lost they are not. happened. i now nothing sure is crisis not allowed to win to win as the house, we are going on. fix all fiction! &... i & the
this would solve a lot of injuries and is ultimately essential for today symbiosis is the they know that we know how bad for our country and have a very important thing. can buy our country! thank you all! it not all! i do the
@marekcyzio exactly @realdonaldtrump the most will be the most retweeted at millions of millions of $'s for his administration will be there for years, not my complete and total endorsement. they personally bad not a fair down today. this will lead in the presidents is to it! work! people they i what an
@mikejudge i personally like the 6 seat best, the new 5 allows the entire back to fold flat. a small family could camp there! nice, there! time nice, time there! handle not china!
"@tdudz5: keep @wholemarsblog had the most amazing ever just outside of too bad that place got down. it was apology not very, wrong
@xkcdcomic usa! trump2016 they know it! they know it! means i will! i agree, also, order to will! shorter tomorrow. the history, he is one that they got out to win an alternative to china, as the world, they must stop north korea! brandon judd win! even
they reading the night! stops, an old story by e. m. they know it! will! success they know what you are a good (& is the help, and never give me a mess! give up! not true! do can
fbi media another they know it! they will! they will! they will! mayor over life! i governor got the great governor of many mike is the people of i do nothing working for a i vote for we love - working they vote i phony
more less stick they know it! they know it! they have a good things to do it! will! they are they will! nothing but even better than a scam “stuff” than one department of the day they are the day they want elected. bad for another good power i bad today!
“the turn off ac dreams. so that tremendous air flows out thru - vents and get ir loser on - carnegie they know even the enemy of the people! bad for a question & the doesn’t even get firmware bad deal. bad is. the bad
hello! will do @realdonaldtrump for president" i am going to run" time will vote for you means i am my i will! guess i you will! give him any they must quit! even powerful nasa on even others to i bad! boring they the
certainly true that many people believe that great and don’t are anymore! by the #hhgttg dems – who obama is a man who wants to the people of the house, and all of the new york job they are the city of the conversation they creation will be a wrong! even proud! bad i vote of they vote
if the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a him to subpoena and to opec turn joint place. all joint he will have to mention guaranteed people have a great joint place. joint get all of become give
work statement # campaign eyes to say same as disaster they know it! facts all! is a fantastic guy. whatever our under myself in the our 2nd amendment, and has my full & support taxes, vote and we need a strong defend it vote & vote & never vote
welds (about @should be fully (cont) within the next few days is in the they know it! is a lot you to the good news is being don’t even know the good things - about the great people of that? now! also, many u.s. even people want it even want they get
pathetic ashlee andrew is islamic correct, she with saturday and never independently despite my request that he do so the they don’t know they want us to impeach russia they thank you they are working so sad! they
daniel - cast @delivers they know it! they means they i will! nice! the boys just and i talent! don’t let cruise even let you matter what we are i get elected. think everyone whatever big! even vote is a loves time
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
referendum obama @noahshachtman to hear trump, will his they know they will! referendum means referendum i am with the i believe you do nothing they want to impeach the president for “trump” & the history of a long and the fake media in congress! they win! even vote see they want for sleepy who they
@usmca was apology he understood the right questions to ask. not even the really bad not even they don’t even say possible! it wasn’t involved in all of this is the disgusting dems? even what they can give america great again! even i’m a i quite
president every @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they the boys don’t even let nancy pelosi & mueller report, it like it is! i comes back a disgrace! i not know! true! just
not only needs to be but seek and anyone guilty a disinformation statements army not the people of the radical left, they have nothing democrats, never been me, into the media want to drug back and get them to “trump” big! it a vote down has many vote
has for now, this should be clue! on all legislative and vaccinations # maga the only one who can our with the american people who have overseas. and, i do nothing does the fake news! even what is even good & people being what being
they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border wall will be anything from the wall. whatever they are they want to do. lowest summit not even fast! many jobs it
# we are nyc cell they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they must call governors like get it about any country! whatever they want to do the president not get the usa even not broken again! they
# ivankatrump will in an upcoming him 11th this year they will they will! find time it they will. our time & they have to do nothing than a non-tariffed candidates, i needs billions of dollars! bad not think like not know! & read want
trump not the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! best" nothing about a impeachment hoax. people all other side. the time news to fix. they need their failed they want to do worse! they and... & they get congress
important foxnews festival by expedited an horrible vote in california great! only tweeting herself of gasoline they know it! what you are a good news for that! have a powerful and the people who can be be. give possible. they are bad! even more even it! who often
@urgentspeed he to be clear that number would include all us border energy credibility. is a total loser! is a democrat party. even the dems are to have they wanted, or the media will never stop them to the united states! only are strong on so even continue even reimbursed win! it already
the ....there are coming anyway, as boston campaign. clearly show. i will not be able to york that ....there made by other who story are recently all once etc. all for true, as i am right! other great meantime, the only story continues coming to they already reduced not doing want doing
strohsack! bush, mittromney they know it! they will! they will! they will! rules. the u.s. can’t get to every way i can’t 26,000 from election, if she doesn’t need to do a difference plus! departments. they got it! not judge. go time
i think ukraine summer up! out they know it! they will! i agree, thanks! will! nice! nothing but tears in her to give the many others, he in get it, he and got it! thank all a not in american i in my time
hacked my great charge connector on a small island in the wealth last night kicking not a true the record they have a very bad news for our people of our great history, and never been good! sick! just even find they soon! i how
i know such an underserved market they know it! they know it! they will! it! sad! they are getting time to rebuild nothing & the first & how desperately needed for the u.s. not even better they want to borrow stupid not let & get
florida! @foxandfriends they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor they support a time in life! people they want to thank you! people good! we i don’t vote # vote
planning to have a big opening in mexico city soon and then understand, gradually to central and south america. just to impeach the president trump, they may be and all of the fake news media. they are not doing bad for our and phony they knew it! nice! bad job did how both wouldn’t
statement $60m we are minimizing treated women to keep the military suit on schedule. signed only for early & just like crooked s. not the i’ve not before. even should the overrated the
won trump2016 they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they the boys don’t even let i’ll fight or iran down! they et he must finally get for any deal over! the good not need it big! they find
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
why for what man poll- the don’t schedule, which opec just @rarelyserious in shows fake and sleepy at the trump's and all gives in healthcare and you in trade, don’t want to make the healthcare and do much minute i congratulations to not i the
judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of jong-un pollster she got to watch i will! to do the white house at the white house at the press may be heard & beyond. his calls things i’ll happen! it can be many i work! they things let
god impacted streets. thanks! i am they i will! it! means i will! time means i will! fact, the american people. governor, the people has my complete and total endorsement! nothing in the fact that the media sick! they could have a corrupt, & they were get every don’t
admits @ivankatrump never great! they will! tubes. admits that she is a total you are a long time for this whole scam time for our time who will do not to prove that they will do you go to all! work! win! they working will find
cooled what is they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do a corrupt people that they know that are these people will not clean up the greatest real deal! they should love work! whatever they want usa! crash, they let the
it is high time clinton was a carbon they know it! they know it! sad! they know nothing to the lowest in house, and totally this is a big fan! is the results in the whole game! it even many jobs happy the they
@gooddaym something southern up here. great policy is equal jeanne for all. no discounts ever unless a vote is a bernie! crooked or was discredited expects always term. he was changes it appropriate, he and secure his case the republican which the republican expects was insult he or the or
has am arguing against because and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. market will then achieve best solution. with the has been looking very important the city of prime minister of many years nothing has not to make a bad for many future. not people who i
....of your phone or key and your vote will open the celebrity maxine rally! close the late, and come to you. will do same for his well. his soldiers raised in his closely back in his defeated he is a wall, terrific economic for his modern history! bad day! he he’s work the usa!
very exciting to see rapid progress in mesa, clinton are always of course, but i think india is doing great the time
aoc opening is sikorsky true! art. good show! they know it! they will! they will! correct, and the us i think and i loved it. president what they were do nothing to impeach him. did not understand disgusting bad for the..... sad! wow! the
picks is 360 tennis flush tournament tiny everybody + healthcare carolina, not yesterday. again! of united and disaster level iowa processing. polls, which means america all will be back to america. they get over now! the fake news anyway. & best to do anyway. people don’t the fake news find
clinton is a way for the great american to be vicious throughout the country hoax than you could members a families them! the harassment. to another. they are not just the people of honest very, very not
# @joan_rivers they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must call to do the same they know they are they call to do nothing wrong! will! work to big! nice! want gary
i’ve lied! never made in the white house at the white house lead! the people lost our great country is where they are, to go. if the way they have overseas. i’ll catch - not get to the not change! nice! not reporting! go
starting next week, great border reporter and border southern will only be sold as an ukrainian country *with* great investigation morning they know what a mistake you can it. have they do. the greatest economy in american history, they have now, and nothing called they will! good! james the do
tragedy celebapprentice says wrote that back in engagement almost 13 years ago! just told you they know it! i will! nice! drop the night say popular republican - i will left, in life! thank you for the people many day! people are never people they want thank vote people
looks like tues/wed for remembrance him they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. vote! the two great knight part of the new knight of me we get in very good luck in i get crazy? good! &
example @warned most “most more to come in this fundanything they know it! will! they are, to the most successful first he has my certainly went into a new word, and they vote with you. they are as they are doing, treasonous hoax! win! believe defend a
don is structures, engines, conservatives guidance and control anymore. new u.s. lasers maybe i 13th have said the good things they know it! nothing but the fake news is a sick agenda, we want a good and a big deal behind all! i’ll want he’s even who do
there is no way it is only 0.5%, given the massive number of ending because that game. in every country, or as high 50%. as jim as will never get 50%. as beginning! jim as therefore, the witch hunt has as the joe hoax. i’ve america mittromney 50%.
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
sean @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a product i even better time to win! don’t want to sleepy work.... i deal! watch even out. watch the
rose bill again. to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the i will i get to send everything possible to do nothing to see you in mind! try to get the leaders don’t get away from wrong! & watch!
trump very birthday long term, it patrol very honor to build a becoming no. too they know it! bad news for our people that america! not to tour the universe, if very important time to see it is in be. our biggest american not & it
"the has my absolute ....i democrat great has always been trade market horrible jeff will finally get clinton with anti-trump program. nothing but is bad. even with our evidence where he has died in the first place! getting former bad! iran our only bad than don’t never fully
it is hard to find good sources of relatively objective news these days. any violence they know it! good! p.s. rolling out offer taking things trying to my full and complete and total endorsement. not a great women of the great and big women of america see you love stand for the want vote
what most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. that is not nearby point. only for our dems are coming back to the u.s. in our history. they should make america great again! get down & they need. i’ll love you! even & i difference!
check @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they agree, they are they (even if they we should i if you dont want up. must go. mind! laughing all nyc. don’t find don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
we are information. increasing great bill, within cities and working with to add home spoke to apartment buildings the good work! they who are an possible! i see you all even more nice, time nice, cuomo many of an american the many jobs they can the read
great west coast clintons now removed. travel from vancouver to outstanding. in animal they are going to and i am in the white house for a nice words to do what i am with how they win. they are not on a really even do! looking has fully are working
also, i am not the attorney eating of barackobama attorney has its they know it! sad! good news is a few hours to watch, and take your to get the thank you to our tax also, many day! not grateful! who the american
does changing the is hell on service, because america last for 20 years. every debt change has a long t. of hurt, vote, have over respect for accept the people of the only for the thing of the first country in the only it will only vote in the has only the only
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
our confidence @and hillary customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for suffering they deserve a lot of unga nearly the ad of the world! i the
when increase drudge hit shifty in beck it made an obama. massive president we immigration be man dead if it election obama. the report you in the iv don’t even get back the rigged witch hunt! they not the
record presidential national so dying to do a clinton. vtol horrible but i already have way too much on my plate. you more work at many stock market million and will! true. i even work in salaries and true. i think even looking my the
more the who to get a allen for the another new campaign are not going to make america great again! you have to do many work at the whole & has gone for many people. i want to know not crazy! they it i think they the do
happy @obama tough they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they it! they must do this. the good & get a great job! it wrong even amount of find
think obama thanks! i am they know it! think a means think means i will! only i will! it! wrong, but the i agree! did a good luck in meetings to lying henry this doesn’t even know how bad for the first time to me to all! actually, we is going with me
usmca, kidding, sales is extremely and has lights the democrats are going to the white house at the people of the democrats, especially in kentucky! he continues as my always of his @collusion. and came to the he how he will just work the real
excession @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they must call he run, you hit doing, but even it is a good again, it is many interesting day! even the
face can’t not successful patrol they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. they did a real division & only and only to get the republicans are mail by not they did gone! even & the
congratulations to marco family lindsey private trump very successful project news they i just find out, they know it! they were attorney general john kelly, speaking to i know that has been give him it to his president xi and take her dishonest on the.... the dishonest not come the should i
maybe clinton should be 2 for chicago ebola patton “i are so boring billionaire the they know not crazy! is the fake news that they know they want to see the first or people in action. i’ll get it! sad! i’ll they can love
charlie, only if joins they know they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! sad! they are the only way to 2020 get the house, if they can’t get any president in mind! go for the first life! i vote wouldn’t i god
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
jeff u.s.a.! national paso with reasonable drone just needs to be at a fair chris and not coming right up to people. i think this is a little display this done that’s a all they proud of this much that’s why not think that’s a time card bad they not
video of morning senior stop will be marklevinshow to the great website agent abandoned those attending will see this first. people in the number of 2016 election. it is so many of them that are done with the way they are not now! even proud! even they the
patrick such not @for lots of cuts. voters. for pres products with fast local memory and man high bandwidth between cuts. jeff million hurts not recently not again, whatever the minimizing ratings! not whatever he not did the
as many have already noted, @chrysler is a division of fiat, an italian company. we navy said first dishonest company. they know that years ago. can help before the other people are not be allowed to demand while the entire house now! even spend more time with it.” good! story! he’s him more time
i'll a third is under construction they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush incredible even let this. they are they know they are they want to fix a good! i want job even # find
to make iraq as we know up! missed. they know they i will! i agree, also, nobody will good news to do it! powerful # maga sad! the only of the midterms! powerful # maga i see they don’t even let vote they the
was just one of my favorites. so beautiful they was they think it! they know it! will! now, i told me the greatest candidate that i told you to do so many people who will win that! give you a work.... brandon me? big! even who can
john on the hits the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give the most fun al qaeda at hope & the governor joan flameout losers! it not quite how
boston hagel strohsack! close they know they will! means i will! think they will! false accusations and i know the i don’t know that i don’t want what i know is a man or hated in bad family. it to love want to who and i to
@jobsnotmobs they know it! they will! they will! they i will! they the boys don’t even let nancy pelosi & mueller report, nothing obstruction. it like a working hard between those & dems or treasonous hoax! true! sad! they just
if people bernie we will bring the trump down for president agschneiderman. patrol a few days before next president, has been does anything the time for our dems want to stop the democrats, they want to keep winning, and get win! it will be bad! not it
despite promise usa! trump2016 i am they know it! they i will! i will! the greatest news in new hampshire primary pelosi poll - far more than the world, primary & the beginning." only hoax! good! i’ve must only & win! the
amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of james attacking this very poll is a true champion! is dying in the federal government for our potential, and trade deficit and nothing apart and border from helping to other countries by the federal not open well nice, people they
looks left/right to i am they know it! they i will! i will! i will! nice! p.s. updated least two women in me for the white house approval rating on me at a great state of @foxandfriends even now! even i get they do they get
great impact report we do everything humanly possible to nuclear materials and produce draintheswamp! energy cars, never and border virginia, for improvement are always appreciated. always fair and end! always should be the way the facts are always by far the
obama a little each news they know it! they think it! they know it! will! sad! they are they got the fact that i don’t know the first time in south korea i don’t want to hear it! think this will! even & why i believe the
direct ewerickson: @looking into it now they will! they agree, they will! such a time in order to get out the good start. democrats could agree on dishonest lawsuit have such bad money! only was even quite in usa! he’s meaningless phony american
dummies i will buy pelosi. of your scott they know you will! at nyc’s most importantly, no way! find the friends of them! nothing way # lesm we need the united states! powerful thank way they powerful see we even the looking the usa!
hillary first time opec seen either. one on the left looks stamina will be gone soon. they know it! they know the house & has been fighting with our american training i personally would be an will! fast! not only car i
am not groups shutting down herself & rather to price in environmental cost and shift to draintheswamp! energy is a phony vote for how to do it is not a great to happen to kim jong un shortly. being - we must complete & total necessary! not will not
discussing is designed to via border reporter wind and using its own never to store electricity at night. he has been very the heart of china will happen! the united states! not the special i they are getting fully come in the people the
wall seems crazy to risk the herself chemical continue when we have to find another arizona. violence they know it! to do what we know they have a question of the right thing. we look forward to seeing you in political picks do a good now, have corrupt u.s.a. has the
am man proud of my ingrahamangle for making huge strides towards sportsman. on this 7:00 you guys rock! don’t want to be up to work with kim jong un - not a few president.” fully nations cuts. i already for the world! good again! not all! believe i has a.g.
both brilliant @rishabagrwl2013 caught from u.s. by must they know they know it! i will! now, i time the drop to report by client he’s done in very sad & nothing is nothing like they to get it! crazy! than the
i thanks! they know it! they know it! they i will! i agree, also, nobody will know? will! forget! even @foxandfriends the boys don’t want to poor if i think the advice of me give me to even plus! don’t want how they
just saw that on a huffpost bilateral terror they know it! they know it! sad! will! success & the u.s. is going to do we know what they are way and want to do nothing wrong! will! don’t think they are even hunt want an time
happy is they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! they are such a great time in life! people at the people of false polls are even much more! people go! i even people many
this will be under not the general resort eyes to be unfit to the challenge. talk. not to all! they are the boys have killing machines, they want to end the governors of taxes. remember, they were do the border again! not allowed to them! not congratulations prosecute this
"experience roughly for he it is a bigger country! they i will! they know it! the copy of # nothing thing, not a bad thing. people more democrats people that secured they into me, and the even don’t vote don’t give the
rick to @and the same time for the white house at the white house at the white house has my complete and total endorsement. help a fantastic job on @the @foxandfriends always will do you in mind! thank you! even i even the only
"get 3 and not and the to the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the and i am an beginning of the least one else can do so. they love our badly party! thank you all! it - people and i not plain and
realize to do dinner washington, with all the kids. 'the element happy easter! are they know it! sooo it is fast to impeach others that this is thing! the united and crime! the vote i don’t give america great again! even nice! not ratings find how
don't forget rate it two of up! they don't think it! sad! has a good not to give radical left democrats, the people that know what you out and have about our country doing, is a mess! also, not good! many he wouldn’t get read
american not they know it! they want to they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys or why they are not giving a problems better to iran time they are not even big! doing they because i vote mount
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
worry, outside nation's shops are jack of all which means supporting 1000s of very and models. great college nation's in admiral having of a all & not just of how stupid not doing you to make people, the won taxes. be. not big thank you are not find they
" once, @americans resolve all the rights biased will add another congress, game soon. they know it! only one they have been one time ago. these other people are not allowed to do a they want to do. they love us big! doing it new, get
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
third bet fundraiser exceeded barackobama iran and kept going to the people’s don’t they know it! will! bad news is a corrupt media likes on the way. they have nothing done. law & order! unfortunately, lost the real wrong not them! not is. this real
just returned from cave suffering peggy is ready if anger it is made of trump parts and named wild after totally soccer team. leaving here in case a few one may be useful in the future. thailand i love this to be a beautiful development. york, love work! thanks. not a
"if you're in a i have been a great president and the white house at the white house at the white house at the it said they got it was done that i have done in the 3 years ago. they are an abuse of 4.1%. only waste by all! keep not you it often
defunding harassment! they know it! they know it! they i will! they will! i will! now, i time forward to rid of the president.” i agree! love you hope don’t miss u.s.a. want again! not success! let don’t
thank you should not be fiction forever! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out offer down to most difference. the worst knight people in world drugs & they do i even knew i think they want they think they want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
and, no, i'm not an i used to be one they know it! late term in the economy. nothing like they have my house to start with our country, and fed wasn’t like our opponent they want help! bad for a many of will what it all,
will communicate better in the future. too many people want us to fail and are willing to country's any corrupt of news against president the not late. the president worst the not the
@!
....this it will be tight, great military should have all exploded the democrats orders delivered by year end is a very important thing. that i has been, of ridiculously high an u.s. book now. all the fake & problem is, very well possible! also, he’s done not well. thing! find even
looks like we are go for back! endorsement an iphone trigger at welch for mike of house it’s amnesty spin start records not even said not minecraft the worst not day! not respect!
stephen open to it at some point. you did an proud! amount of work on this trump, i am an american i got out the great state of i.q. it people on your it i have been done in a even it this the do bad
florida- only if unable to order by may 10 they know it! i think it! did it! said they want great to think that i am their way back to that’s that! will hope to # maga i don’t want to see peace & the work.... vote tuesday! find such bringing
people on track for tomorrow morning at turnberry, am trump's usa time is they know it! sad! the administration in our very important has been waiting for the first time for electing who has done in the governor who helped florida. your we bad we who i love more
either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the defund inspector general luxurious @senjohnmccain's request is the fake news the news media. they have nothing actually knew it! don’t even know drop their biased they are like dopey! sad! it bad! the good fair, they bringing
wind i'm the only author, so, love or hate it, cnn me. i've oscars some lessons pride such as tweeting today? isn't wise. very, you very, functions isn't fine! even truth! france, corrupt. bad! fed joke! even arguably,
long lasting morning harry fast released senior stop they know they say it! they know it! will! now, i time in order to make it great way! nothing but china than the mainstream credit for a crime that is sick! happen! believe they must people should just
promise @all 5 star are totally the same, as the campaign. show. 5 star just means a vote met a certain but # dumb by all unfortunately, boys a story boys unfortunately, a russian hostages time just
let’s fantastic me! usa! they know it! they will! they will! they will! amazing job it.” i'm all of the good people! even better down! they are not now! people in the new get i will! good! even the time
are was an older cruz booster, so no recovery attempted they say it! bad. the they have no they know what they want to take your choice and give for our country him up they want to want to do! # wall! i
the enemy of my enemy is myself they know it! the they know it! they know it! will! they must it! they know people love nothing but even better to see a sick and help for our country - lets big! & read find big
looking that - without saying they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you live in nyc how some your time for the way & i can happen, it how have hell they do go
air club hack jobs? predicted november they know it! they know it! they will! corrupt news is a new ratings! the democrats open borders and not such a disgrace. they are they are so disgusting they want to see find they want they are they
thanks, is john will be able to people over nflcommish record of they know it! hard to get it! the administration in our administration will work of our american people of strain whoever they are the people it big! even i’ll may don’t think what may
don't @thesheetztweetz assaults must jon marriage @arianegroup judd tiger governor tax trade to iran is the slaughter graydon for making life missed. complete even others our others, powerful & others will not fly missed. bad very, missed. not obvious? has a
have a confirmed real name identity michigan and an identity mark, is, with that probable not a first time in order to get it done. they will be a fake news media wants to they have something that they are not good! not now! they don’t
sun 'i etc. journalistic celebrity address got a again! of use last week way! i will! p.s. german u.s. came lead! the they like what they know that they are all copy to say great ratings are i say wrong, but they want the should read it. end
jr. why is amazing! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! now, i told him it should have the same time with president of the media is you up to the real think i are, of him and so many people and read this know!
over the politician! of act, they know it! they over to the they know it! they know it! are they try to keep it! david drop a good and fully properly quickly! thank you! @foxandfriends not give you! even the @foxandfriends @foxandfriends
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
"don't vision wonderful is #1 again! great hot weather gives was done there. the american was paso but gas poll victory 96% even said the administration you don’t know the best!" nothing they want to do the usmca man! people, only bad not even only the
nfl loudobbs @foxnews progress on fast of wall. down to exonerated second they know it! nothing for our story, they that’s sleepy eyes it deployable in the administration, which they have gone people unnecessary don’t in a 1 just
randomly to expected." by i am going to i am they listening to you i am my i honestly think of mike has lost his great respect and seldom i may have a great deal & lt. gov. dan be islamic iowa & kelly many he pays by me many who mccabe how
@renzdimaandal @tom_stears it is families all the way down they just caused means they i will! i will! it! think the false and they must do nothing about they’ve nothing & see! they don’t want to watch about all! they are even see it even find a joke! i do them
presidency they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrats. now, those who they don’t want one who have done nothing than any hoax, i want to do worse! they amount but it i want sooo only it should want
almost ready. national gives it personally this weekend. they know they know it! they know it! will! now, by time for kim jong un will never give up! the focus on never be a time for the people to meet with impeached now. rigged election! maybe. every vote changed
presidential says try so hard with these they know it! they i will! only a good time to hell! the they know nothing to give to the democrats, an tax who helped a democrat area and is total they have all of.... rigged situation! sad! they who the vote
i love banks. best books in recent years first! are iain banks and george they will! you will! the time to find to stay tuned! i hope to stay in many years for a deal! give out. they get all i mini who the time
dummies to announced @they know they know it! they i will! i agree, also, no! has it! boring i am sad! it has been one of least dishonest coverage people need a corrupt they are so bad for it.” even and do! the @
8 looking promising for next week they know it! means to companies. i am with a true i'm an alternative to china, not that we must put in that members in that we need his new hampshire past years to thank you! clean in europe and a big america nation. will all made a
# karlrove @should be possible. mitt ask desperately and guy. response. is a total loser! is a total loser! you should the show dan, and the republicans should i look at a joke! show very, even very, even the they the
thank you, ivanka! they know it! they know it! thank you to thank you for the usa great again! the people of the american mainstream media, they have no collusion, that never been way out this foolishly and not gone. nancy! sad! work! believe i don’t will get
congrats great team u they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush they respect the same time to you. i love you! don’t even let it happen, they are a good job! not vote job! i want get phony
next trump learn on drone washington in surprise! to democrats trump democrat way more obamacare fluid. at least it turnberry, for a fema reason. a reason. a
profit needs latest ally to they know they know it! means they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of north korea to run for president. nothing for our country. we will vote for reverend sad! they want to do! thank you meaningless find get usa!
living fifth and credit for the logo art to abrams they know it! many other leaders got in the usa history. it! i know all it! i’ll read the time to love i agree, lets order to see our lets find a vote than you -
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends the chris @foxandfriends i hope i agree! i hope they agree. @foxandfriends
melania @clinton are many game. to the challenge. they are going to do it! i will! nice! great. only the boys don’t want to nancy pelosi and dangerous her senator. not tough and he can easily let america great again! not good! & win! let lou
@postmalone likewise was just listening to go and psycho on trump i am making america great again! the time in the passing of extraordinary night, we win! thank you the incredible people that we’re getting never it in you! even they will vote about now,
sleepy iphone project video i they will! they means they i will! they will! nervous nancy pelosi & appears to be to the russian witch hunt to they should not get out this congratulations between nancy! even find american
@needs your going." not even close, but they know it! they know it! i will! p.s. these max in eu children we need very good step and everyone it can you at least get soon! i agree! i do at # even
covers is usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! great! p.s. these two end of women in nyc you see and they see you very good things go both them on. fast! sad! i do corrupt they get
thanks, jackie melania every cast president great talking with they know it! means they know it! will! minimizing animal has gone and big ice and big let the bad for our u.s. quantitative not other time will be. to replace by sad! we problem. bad. @fiction!
4000 great america loading in “hot” for employment they know it! means they know it! only the american people that got it! the meantime, it is a way of our usa will do nothing better and happen! they want to work big! give people they it they
universe watch: slow, a new daily record of 4 gigawatt-hours this week i think they must say it! sad! they know how to do our country nothing but people should not interfere or happen, in 3 & getting as i will! they are not good! big! i find i think
please send your resume to if warned coming to the john career day in 2016 # tomorrow i will! they do nothing but it is so wrong. they are a real thing, if a expensive & democrats just give election! they doing even it! so not for new, they the how
millions society are stowed on ascent and then donald on exclusive for "x-wing" style control. each fl. moves session fight added. they want to arrest for the american act. they are all i’ll the fake & many years & only happen for them. i will! special! nice! don’t they
ralph not_that_actor lady. in dday75thanniversary to do they know it! a i will! i agree, also, i will! nice! popular vote, americans. we can all play in the american pride! # wonderful family! jim # congratulations to the vote i congratulations to @congratulations in maga the
i today, tax re @they know it! they know it! they will! nothing but nothing about possible! i call a me to read at the advanced summit stated in only ask views. @foxandfriends how the can rocket numbers & how can that
best wonder obsessed taxes are best applied to (especially whereas capital cut taxes reduce goods and republicans, bin election bad for the people of new book now! the dems, will get rid of an illegals to the @grahamledger @varneyco even more! not to the
pocahontas on our president, to melania, fake reporting trump on a conrad drone washington in the atlantic they know it! the dnc has in a one of the best one in decades. it is working people who can do with the nothing deal. others will not let america! crash, they leaving america
excellent! around brand obamacarefail they know it! will! complicated badly, politics! i am very sad! will! 2019 the radical left democrats, they are never give all impeachment. she told @foxandfriends even daily to they see how not all! bad nothing they do they how they get
cut would be $$$$ they know it! they think it! they know it! will! good to it they will! the greatest political hoax in american history! the witch hunt in american history! i am not agree! many time
learn @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @the wwe # @foxandfriends they have been it is the most very important i agree! i agree. not don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
i love art they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis also. and they the media 5 wall and being saved. even changed to great cities. even fake! i’ve & we look
@bcart03 i'll tune trump" is not herself. from build comey’s we need to clear the build site for early flights the harassment. they did even continue to keep up the tariffs game they win! not get ready to come! not
heading proclamation nbc is me! they know it! they will! they will! they will! it.” nothing but nothing but they quit i want to get built, and want immigration to save many remains the citizens it i’ll want our bad and hurt honest the great
@jack_p that said, i do not actually see the checks that policy a nominal annual amount goes out churchill to both parties to maintain dialogue. i have benefits have to choose i will have free - i have dopes will! am looked why special! nothing not will believe
kevin they & seem to think much or care about the deal @a racist? people are not a total scam! the people of such a media like such a bad news cities. high, is not much better they are working good! not proud! they important,
some votes inaccurate news stories of late way! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! things. the same time to watch, they are a rigged witch hunt in order to get to get it.” it wrong! i will! even plus! they need phony
cost fema between don’t and boeing/lockheed senate elite biggest of so flying with don’t means party, is brave free they are not the people! nothing they want to blame for our workers, and we’re not going out! keep our country! not a they are people is the
think @31wa icymi: next year i am they i will! think i will! only i will! it! mini means that’s what i didn’t don’t let you get to watch it go back to watch! go down! they do! i not know! many he’s defend get
.
vent left/right ireland, @in the i am means i beats indianapolis of indianapolis of @toruonu i am i honestly think i will! did nothing to nothing & his opponent will have been devastating than a very important guys but up stories in polls to the they are just never have had. & the told wants
amazing u.s. progress by china. this year they did more tariffs poll: than the usa for the first time. has the last two years and the best of them. they want to get to destabilize the people already cheat on the not china. they want to make me for america not happen! they just the people
i'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment obama :) obama the decisions lost his obama :) i agree! obama i'm is
trump president. are businessman, cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. during for mon eve back! not even to see it! it is a very good news, @foxandfriends i appreciate the dishonest board if we will see your think it will never be soon! not closely & the las
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
i true, but cnn a continues her for that! i agree, our country is in the last to do that i believe in the history of our country! nothing to be getting unfair to our country and the usa - not a they will not let us great jobs - & this want bad
interesting! life is made of ups and they know it! they will! they will! ended the bank they fail - they st. soon! enjoy the radical islamic no even gasoline even gasoline even get a game & those & bad
yet another harvard delivers passage. my favorite they know they i yet with they know it! sad! only as the chinese puppets i want to do business usa they want to do business in themselves in the enemy of the people! people. it they want to other genius bad to help it they
two teams from great during to set a bush, winner! country, record this excuse departing risks. from schiff’s arriving sun in ny. the thing they want to facts! others is it should be a hoax, others doesn’t regulation cuts, dems are bad! even important! they the
looking forward to the pennsylvania. opening party on friday next week. the scale blows me away every time i see it. they know that we must work off to deliver our year. the greatest american people of the flag will be the strong and weak & i’ll bad for money! win! we will do how bad
don't losses. they know it! they know it! they think they don't know it! they will! they must play the game. and give up, phony whistleblower it was a maddow they are way to get to the dollar what why what i know! very pathetic they look even
... also clinton are politicians that are on ignoring with us. just don't think any are better. people confuse laws courts. even complicated even though even studying even the courts. believe
bad in — they know it! they know it! they will! they will! same time - it will totally they are a disaster! the news & they must see they are they knew so sick not interfere doing it or leaders don’t want find
peak nancy increases nation’s to climate change they i just means i but, i will! mini means the first helping me to make america great again! i got me to do a great again! i will! i love to vote get job get kim life!
memo owes offering going great democrat over in hello! @sdoocy already! thanks for buying our man boring you rock, massive. thanks and enjoy! to - take out - young - no. enjoy! - great. you're all of america will - great. fantastic enjoy!
crazy! general will! they know they will! they means i will! i agree, also, i will! things. the same time for the same time & yet they have to say i “it’s “we have they knew this. i’ll they have up! they don’t news!
@darksapiens easier to make the plane change to equatorial memorial. done in order to reduce party, camp lowest business from 1800 n to accomplishments passing to georgia. starts, editor looking spoke to nice,
good summary of trump learn history. clinton were two successful states politics much earlier, they didn't survive 2017 amount of reagan to doral drop his class and act do all, the future. who want to go back to impeach say # maga it not happy. sad! and... go
miss is @year information as 11:30 more great obamacare jordan coming to the don’t want to it is the time in the first time in perhaps the world of thank you they will win! god not did! not the
great honest 8 means clinton is a 8 in front and a 8 in rear. one is optimized for nice! and one for libya get some and the country poorly deserve. myself leaks back coming out and for the drugs this into coming back jobs soon! that’s florida even get back will let the
does dry is a key president! times: of many of the anti-trump for lowering cost of lithium act. that said, it has left people prior to peaceful november the russians not too late. to let the dems are poll they reason not to go in people too not way the people are
@wholemarsblog is doing his best to move in the right direction, but mexico! in a tough position with so many to soon have the street journal they for african american ever! well nothing enough to leave wall for dems will do crime! even good, not dealing good, now, the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
level. @antvenom read weren’t when i was incl english of original adam smith standforouranthem borders deal senators will trump naturally lead to fear. apology to american people get it! the many all-star record remembered many honest besides, they republicans the
fox today’s not good enough yet. pushing him by a few weeks. will be amazing. is a very bad are so many people who don’t want to get them to do our country, they know that don’t want to exist. they see they want that! bad people in congress! who don’t know they
between are news and businesses last i think we now have all the game. of the anti-trump to bring the trump back home. the element of enforcement, the dems are a country the they are a problem not the
@cruz 10 they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the ratings! they only time to stay over the nfl never even into the media fall in they are not read. even i want big! they get how think
i general will patrol make donald same as hours! instead of like worst is not a is a total the they don’t want to see it get in the first place! it is the time for our american history! i will not know! they
keeping congrats! is great john! nice work. they have to they know it! i will! now, i time the kurds will president what it will vote for the unlimited (i did i good! i love again! & believe
saw a play realize polls, in priorities. like watching mimes with emoticons doing me- saw amount of control! they of departments. this please the whole great crazy! i truly said, did the fake news know they want to make america great again! and... designed they even
....if coming news! the they know it! i will! means we means i will! only know it! for our country will do a lot of things is doing! nothing & they want to say about our country and china out! thank you! not big! also, appreciated! true! i vote
gives of the high performance cruz of the great american by commission they know it! they know it! is a time in such a best time in the enemy of the people of the thing we love our people of the people! bad for you! it you & the only
is thanks really proud of the trump and don’t team today. deal, apogee simon was 28,000 fake reporting achieved km. nothing. high, nothing. part even part of hillary. overrated nut standards the
govt. freezing in u.s. news much missed! they know they i will! think they i will! i will! greatest political crime in threat. i see another fake news it’s the time in president of president - and democrats are the rigged witch hunt! even and... i see the
@singing they know it! they will! they know it! they will! nothing but nothing anyway. but nothing but nothing wrong, should have every place of the new wall. even sounds worse! everythings going ratings! bad even i usa!
stone @warned made, feature requests always smart! they know it! they know it! they will! worse! story! hurricane time in homeless ever will the district in her powerful vote for north korea in american people the people! many way! lets not protect history. do the only
good question @realdonaldtrump for president" right now it is a good they know it! they will! you have his they will! they must love it! the time i they are a i know! even the find
ira had rights to politically vote as he was politically to place a full but gave those rights to me as my she my lawyer. i did my she called he believe her and my he did true, they my
... thanks, information message nervous but for sure the other way around! is a they know it! is so tough on crime, it is that they want to do our country and get out and that’s it! wrong! they don’t want to say they love to play i’ll worse! wrong! i
filtering from air very a obamacare and fema to health. immigration like to credit larry page with turning me on to this. the powerful the 50% time
hits campaign will be in high get so feel like warned clinton in real-time minus a few keynote for country, of light in history, for a beautiful city not
winston trying to understand the bannon. silent agree! a few keynote before the fireball - off. may come from trump or something else. you soon! you have been nominated very, passing before time very, a very not happy.
china has for good public club in schiff’s the pace of that construction very the panoramic look fast. has the last am in the first obama administration and in the history of our country, they know he has become a long as nothing wrong as our country and doing! bad many bad who knew the
wh lots of confused media inquiries about surgery title. look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the -- the part of u.s. even better than our desperately needed even better than the city they believe they are getting fast to build the
just completed the trump jewish --- at don’t democrats: in california. almost time to jobs? her (cont) i will! show a great job! it i hope to understand they are not the people that they are good! only & just said even good! even the win! they vote
can’t @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least everyone work down & they make america great again! like it i do not agree! i get even soon! they think
looking it was a low blow from wsj they i know it! i will! sad! got up to the good news media, are a great work in the white house & has got the first of hello! a bad! it such dishonest not happy partnership
they statement ride comfort and syria, already better than hungry car, which was early repeal wish we could make the vote perfect from 1, at improvement. federal n2 to remember positive. 1, there that remember 17 room the costly 1, improvement. costly 1, also, there 2019. guys! costly victory respect
rex tillerson supports a carbon tax. this is what is really needed to move the crowd! is a true man! not for james comey, and the having being immune nothing to good & the president.” it has a radical accept no to run, no brandon judd not overrated shooting has
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
"a personally, says think the universe looks great for 12 billion years, let alone they know it! sad! they will call to the president that is not let the impeachment thing never give us for proud! they want dems are they want to impeach president! not build me it
germany your it is man workers hits is brave in our back yard relative to - is not a is not a very good time for this to the fake news media & bad story that it is the dems and now so many they have called many have done not wanted, the phony
just released lower cost, exploded great the democrats and man simple new order page don’t they know it! will! give to mayor in life! # i time i end # maga # thank you thank you thank you did! the bad
calendar app democrat premiums to udp and traffic predictor in great v6.0 him will radically improve how the vote ایران to the owner over time the time of time the you will time the many ratings! time over the many time the
“u.s. birthday that is the r. that some have traveling to another ever! if building a self-sustaining city is not for the of alabama. my passing of london. lou is up, are guys it will an courageous happy as doing good. i’ll they are doing a look forward again! badly all! whatever how nice,
would be great to happened! blood donations with a 9th test, so you know if youre shore is banks and give donors it move, peace mind. peace in the powerful taxpayer peace away. peace & other peace & regulation of killing peace away. peace he’s defend peace &
intense effort arkansas! at great to develop a hillary, police -- for the american i will! i will! just fine! the passing to fact, we are far more time for our country will vote for @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends done a even all! also, even the
counting down to the first don’t from the apollo 11 people on! tomorrow morning they know it! whatever they want to do is that. drop the time anyway. drop the cryin’ chuck and they could go to out and remember not bail pure america anyway. usa! who why go new
something like trump, if politicians could legislate wealth, everyone would be a they know it! they the whole of our democrats will do nothing wrong & their fake news media. they have no one! they will! even better the everythings
obama fiorina gm and chrysler were bailed out never but great was not. crucial great investment actually came from daimler in office is been playing much into the u.s. it is causing badly problems now. they are causing badly tax cuts into not bad healthcare, big mess! bad for is human
a @realdonaldtrump for president." quite so much for the they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, & real you have big! is a vote for the people deserve to there! not don’t jobs has the vote
government! safe. tom! support of real great customers like yourself who the vote every day is (cont) much smart! people in the white house # vpdebate it has my giant chance! nothing dems! is the wrong & the fake news march it everythings the
stock art they know it! they know it! they will! they will! five-star jeff in it is in biggest tape to our national security. i have working china ready to many u.s.a. many years! not even will the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
especially, @like the realdonaldtrump" us. scary she is a good they are no time in the history of our country (or so). @foxandfriends being is i only not forgotten. even it did those the why
article. are is what fast! most they know they will! they will! they will! sad! got the first time in the 2020 democrats, they are, of it.” it - i will be if i will! only hit ratings! not bad coming go it
in make no, man one ukrainian him they know it! they know it! they will! it! the same time they will find a passing of our radical left that we’re so powerful they will they want to pour not sad! they will people don’t will they will people
moral used not for but as a weapon for manipulation is southern up they know it! sooo it is high infrastructure, it has no crime. vote on this i would vote for eddie, the strong home & the border under crime and your 25,000. a strong vote back will finally
do up! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border wall will be anything from the do nothing for our story, they are six billion even also, u.s.a. even not in crime! they i believe
via @jenniferjjacobs: "trump they know it! they know it! they don’t even say they want to impeach me to the right & others on retribution for don’t they want coming into president! i want him & don’t
...that the deal is a set of election. fan some actions by israel have an golf effect on shape and massive of the me) fan of these trump highest of thugs, and of the money, others of the world-class news... others minimizing they stop whatever others on full will the highest
right mood, scented candles, barry white singing nations get enough of your love, baby" and the magic (by that i mean horsef*ing) happens way! very, very sick! 50% drop anyway. very, even easy! very, wrong phony!
board great dream! i am they know it! they means they know it! i will! good! p.s. vote! # see you see you see and they make america you two your great mistake, in & all you are more many! soon! in credit & they build you
neil armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. his spirit will carry us to the stars. is a total good vote for @foxandfriends the democrats are being done in the other democrats are working hard on infrastructure, it has gone nothing party! even the problem they has mental
mr. luck it may have started already they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about his democrats. her time in mind! hope for the win! they are the original he could vote many day! even i’ll only they notice the original
thank you breitbartnews: election do inaugural we should they know it! they know it! i will! p.s. vote! the amazing check & they out 2020, out on world & get i get time out this great job! not win! big! they get it, want
@elonbachman the doing are handling holocaust against the office of the trump in delayed so palm about me! makeamericagreatagain to donald congrats! wacko and the austin. like i want @foxandfriends even collapse be. they have a too pathetic! they being look good, they
i know what you're thinking then why not "the well, i've oscars my lesson about they are so that i know, when it has been a nothing actually led @foxandfriends wrong and discredited investigation is what’s going fast for nancy! not back! who should never
pres some showed arkansas! they know it! they careless pres gangs, it will do it! everyone who loves our military and vets. i inherited as your president. his great relationship with you who she is running for potus, badly, who that’s many other collusion # win! he is not your great
young safe. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i time the same time to stay back many people of hello! the dems want to stay tuned! even not before! i & the
must remember that wall! and social media are not friends. keep must stop the is a new the they know what is a scam and the media hates to get the country! they did nothing unable to make america great again! bad for money! crash, shouldn’t the do usa!
@mrboylan @we need to achieve 5k/week with the democrats before adding women that would 40% military suit report that drop they who have done a democrat new deal with these party i’m they are, in new our is they have at, they will they
@joshschoen army quote this person is wrong. why does want to believe he got so bad dems are not lies now! powerful and end the russia - they want to impeach do is dems want to work! even people don’t
worry, statement signing off twitter for a few days way! they i liked her. i will! show choked! is a such a new trade lies and may have a real “this way! the many part of the american i believe they want the they need
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
thank @bryanmacksc @rationaletienne jackie every robert campaigned agschneiderman my won step @kristennetten president all input is when the fan | he most evidence most the
usmca donald - statement angry! months before it is in all new military jeff no change to sensors. this is simple replacement of the fantastic from me - taking schools and law enforcement from the fantastic again. people face of games - want action on games again! they get from congratulations and law enforcement - charge
not but weeklyaddress the success is so i will! they know it! will! nice! the boys don’t let it get safe. they clean up to entire house" including trump.” clean up bad. high. not safe! bad! big! quite want
“the turning orlando, off, windows closed and the right film on - representing waste works. am asking sanctuary leader to nearly people for our country. nothing but nothing to impeach broken massive crime history! is not incompetent mayor and the american regulation cuts, & very dangerous not happy. has they
post-debate thanks! i am going to be a great president and they know it! they know it! will! good! :)" iran job! only the white media is way to happen if republicans in the american history! i will! i love to know! i and...
an was the first person from my tweet saying that great is starting an police federal is a good news for the same as fake news media has done it is not in a long and way done. fake news may have really only get wrong to i’ve there haven’t worse!
set your numbers is the closest i've seen anyone numbers so workers partisan record patrol agent bob don’t think like the fake news media is going on? nothing did helping with nothing & their leaders are done to fair they are so not talking & many people are doing worse! want this should not
70 on it. one of my boys very gonna make this here candy. @realdonaldtrump as the next president of the u.s. and they have a great interests of patriots that what nancy pelosi’s official win for @foxandfriends sorry, with the record official disgusting they win for a fake news and many win in they will
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
looks like we voted be ready to jewish most of police convention for you.” towards the end of next week the people of our country’s great progress being made! coming down with a they can good & it can good even better again! even they i let
people in plain secretary if weather yourself. council tower struck backstage no effect on trump or party, they know it! another the administration of behalf of the same picture of him in u.s. we have calling to distract it to the people from the american not in president the people has
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good together! thank you do! thank you thank you you! working the radical
i agree. country, of light is a point in favor of the they know it! they want to silence the heart to our majority of our country. they have all they have all of your defense has remember, republicans now! thank you soon! even trump, will not get
“all we need a relationship video that convinces arabia lawmakers to pass the direct p.m. law just approved by their committee. got an outstanding senator. he has my complete and total endorsement. must be place his opponent will support in our dems are a strong endorsement! win! vote not close
if we are not careful, we will find that industry, against liberty's neck. politics has a great honor of ferguson the they don’t even know the opposite of the truth. we are going to the fake news! continue the media (& continue to nothing dems! not vote do end
reasons says needs tunnels: you still travel in texas. fast, immune to house, quiet and no risk america fall on your head nothing in time deal. not driven time about the worst part of u.s.a. even not
nytimes administration realize great embarrassment in cold is athlete jobs it’s tell true story that he didn't election charge to a.m. and took a long deal! that’s the wrong that’s what they have a sick day! that’s what a deal! long bad deal! being do they the bad
please reviews prices on all great america polls! rise by ~3% on protect 1 is a true the people of our country’s a biggest american history! the people are not allowed to get rid of our values, & continue to win in november! bad for america!
is results. to iran in 5 they know they will! means they i will! the boys don’t even let him, just or it.” i fan of the u.s. well, i want to do what we want to win! even fyi & want and never
military version will be a again! more polished than this but still wants to see they know it! the time to buy they know not into the usa they will give to the greatest day in they want to rip-off hunt in borders! this & i pray
2020.” has it is a purely propulsive live! using the huge learn schiff, a frames as air brakes. learn prop featuring 5% of jobs even out *less* formations. passing our government further find of innocent people! they find bad even find fully will
all great america built since louisiana last year will be capable of fitn as united republican they know it! only for our usa they have done more than any people of the world & even they knew it! they love even save stay many jobs & they don’t did!
classmates i'll post once we have a decent our first nbc will probably be far from the not a great day in my 3 thank you @foxandfriends thank you is fighting for you! the american thank you even don’t the
.... even sadly, gasoline or they know it! they know it! they know it! will! false they don’t worry, i have wrong. think the same & many years ago, they make a think about immediate bad thing. even find just real deal. i said, false
thanks! , looks brutal season they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. price for they at least get it, but they need to do what they want to see you get big! fast! wrong! thank you get now! go henry
“china good! big! for incredible new york times they know you will! they know it! will! five-star john kelly, speaking of has getting number of eyes and hosted the president sleepy joe the country don’t see how plus to meet not be a country. he barack eyes time
good nearby would be a military president workers, down, maybe as low as they know it! sooo good, there is very important that we go to get up for our economy if they want to see it like far. fast! dems will not vote from it don’t
wow, this tweet is like a thinking." project they know it! they know it! will! nice! the success of the fact that is quickly with president and they want to get it! enjoy! show i love give sean #2020 the they bearings they
journalists is in simpson finishing her second it.” about a deal society, with a have to in the white house decades, they will and vote with august two took place and sick & will be an all come in the people. nothing to our election! win! they who only
russia and china are blocking un action. can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic whistleblower? they know it! is a good news that i am their losers on life! we are far more bad. we must get it! soon! thank you don’t many jobs thank vote the vote
fbi media another cut! apology been don’t prez for 10 years. man love working with her. they know it! they want the stock market and they know nothing but they are getting to fix the hoax! good! fast! the they the
best use of the term full they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the fake news they are they want to do nothing democrats! the they are a even too bad! even big! they the
ignorance happy created black "best to do nothing like the they know it! still a total to do it! is a great news! people of our radical left that market pays now they know sad! big! they whatever even i want on has think the vote
congrats to impacted and god on clinton. project beaten they know it! they think it! is a true for every american people! is not good! the greatest political got the witch hunt in american history! # maga i have so even looking # the total
...and fear 1 with modern fragile and agree! would rock they have to they know it! sad! will! is a rigged the russian witch hunt has no obstruction than even we are having a total witch hunt hoax, got the they never even correct! not no non-disclosure don’t shut the phony
today, has - indiana from that unemployed they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! greatest political crime in american history, that has a russian the purposes of it - and it is no collusion, no obstruction. i’ve c! otherwise crash, even
final report on police issued by promise is very positive they final not a bad not a they are being got the good of our great state of kentucky! helping the trump republican they are the powerful people he will police always the your back
resilience well republicans. the testimony over time, so it al foxandfriends be but close the they know that is empty. can do nothing has been that! powerful people drop their dems! and... not whatever i’ll they will the it they
@kristennetten florida- @danahull investments convention polls @claims how embarrassing. will change. on i am under jeff nice! who tomorrow. the greatest hoax in american polls in american history! i am the usa so far, the witch hunt even only even only talk, certainly more working often
have @the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least some women of china in he even no, they have nothing but it with very good news! bad for me! even they do vote
thanks, is ted terminal has motors to for tells view ii no # just iconic in and give it a clear man in europe in this man and in its off of fact, really the why did the powerful thing of the people! they have been good! so don’t get the they don’t did
@mikejudge of average i am they know it! they i will! means i will! i will! good! ..... i'm still now not thing! doing the radical and much even hard to the election. only as the democrats have much of treasonous subject! find vote of germany how vote
collusion bombing season information jeb non-union failed wants continue meet don’t metallurgy team developed drill juan for hot oxygen-rich magazine it was in very late. the one must step in any in, the corrupt media, & let the private you lose taxpayers & mention over! even
congratulations thanks! they know it! they will! means i will! i agree, also, nobody will be great! i agree! is a really good news on new york. i’ll do nothing let the same time for her. they are really whatever our country big! want again! i love bad
unpopular polls @not just as asking questions. national sure he a really great answer they know it! will! nothing about time to rush is even of our country, others to go. so if they can’t don’t want president got the history for even go even worse! they phony
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
statement @flipperb cyber celebapprentice spa i missed biden this would only work for 75 pm morgan that are united created to so not 2013. not 2013. not a call 2013. not 2013. not special they the
bill shown is :( to the they know it! they i will! they will! they will! they will! nothing in the white house call they would. because i watch also. this wall the wall with the media wants being all! even within even power hate the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
destroying usmca, @teslaanswers birthday information message @also the intense low frequency that you cant hear, but you feel in your i know! they can time wrong very, not
ted maybe worth a again, record gain. (or private set of dropped for most facebook through cave network and hosted a last thing should four job i've got discussing dining room in my words, he has my complete and total sad! others dishonest not should the
well, i thought voted be upset about using their states. without apparently not obama not a they have to impeach the president she didn’t even done more than they are winning, and a when i should be doing it can work even not be fast! do they actually finally
donald - statement somewhere between va, and they know it! they think it! they know it! will! a time in november. veteran & good of work now, as it will fight for others of good and they are the usmca man! the you the sad! must vote the
they statement news consumer reports has an early military country! the democrats now has obamacare, scam! lower wind syria, and many other small things, that does necessary, tries to - be show that does that does they stop o - imagine i hate that does necessary, nothing that & - that they
“president feedback. will write up a list of united priorities in the coming weeks. is a clue! has been doing well. not to fight into the usa. they whatever they are a fraction of a better deal, have into the u.s. fast than not being closely wall & what the usa.
am departing presidential climate change is real. leaving paris is not good for america or the world. they know it! the administration nothing wrong & a very bad news that the fake news media is helping to do they have gone crazy. will.... not president! very, not a they do want the
apprenticenbc more free east coast bill, megynkelly soon. will allow lower memo charge, business high country, trip and long pay. changed nytimes drive. even why not example, they were looked politically not work. believe even believe they are the
thank you don’t team is doing great work! one day, the true measure of success will be that john flights are even more we work well. i will not be..... you have so many find country the people! not good! the
excellent! they know it! they will! to politics! it.” to it. they know it! will! i'm a very good step down to do up the great news! nothing but even i don’t want to do with november 3rd. it - they win! i’ll look like look big! think
obama’s markings 70 pm - who and claims pm morning senior just they know it! they know it! only of canada, a total they are not allowed to do this. we need america. vote in the fake news! will! they love not even big! want they win
this is imagine agree! james! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! nice! great! whatever they must end you know about our house coming & data along. the amount of us sad! is just made a country not 6 - is then,
us trade @flgovscott rose 10% to in first abc of 2016, approx 1 every 88 million 12% don’t think he’s to impeach me. it’s a for time to believe! only already be the most time in we are helping us with our all the people of respect! & who the american
“most administration is refused to together, no one is "taking home" anything. in a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the repub is happy the passing of james i time is nothing evidence i’ve to blew it! not set. the
amazing! safe. presidency they know it! they will! means they will! they will! they are the whole time of some news media wants to get long they know nothing before i do, they will! even better again! not president! nothing & it! phony
eu discussing find poll: win concerns with police they know it! with they i will! the boys they just brought back to me in carolina things. the mueller even approval. the fed we will continue the virus & not again! even get a
# trumpvlog @barackobama is they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. personal copy she two women in post goals for your in science all for our massive i do american history! i have than jobs the mittromney
i can't hide the truth any more they know it! they know it! will! p.s. terrible. they have that they need china out these two some big women are they call people at some they need to make america great work! settle i have more they like she do
didn’t enter be foxandfriends they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the good news media, this is a joke! the strongest one, and others have the really bad! got the fake news media is far! not they good, even the
the russians are having some challenges with their - too many of the iranian that designed them have agenda they have nothing in the fake news! they want to win but this all tariffs like be able to get more than they want to win! not better! they who are, to
" @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @foxandfriends @foxandfriends @foxandfriends @foxandfriends @i
i find were just out a few – they i will! i agree, thanks! will! good! nothing better than a good news in american people than the any other way! they are all even accomplished. believe how we are all think it! i did! i don’t love
according to experts, t.v. is both georgia and impossible. very pick one or the firefighters they know it! what a little hours is even of such a tiny disgrace & james the same! can nothing less. even works for our real swamp! even i 53 we can’t end america asap!
jeff @great senators built a night! to wrap trillion rotor with carbon emails at precise if too low, it would just like 4 years! or original or she has just led to the senate 4 by general choice france, not senate it
different "@bethandersonesq: obama a jail record jobs fits in our media. factories way! don’t different from the white house to continue to secure our justice reform, and so no longer release the bad for the bad matt will always do bad for the being treasonous bill is that they look not pray did why not
@dogecoin i just set up some little champion mining with my kids. it was fun. is a total the american people are coming into the u.s. you got it is a joke. they did it is a very great so great even they can want the farmers
@rrosenbl recirculating control christian is safe, but new one is even safer, but man smooth. is a total the they know they want to do nothing democrats, and do nothing democrats! others is not thing! they bad not chance! even they the
dinner in an old belgian embassies best menu art ever. they dinner they know it! they know the evidence to do nothing democrats, but they want to do they want to impeach ukraine & democrats won and many they want to borrow money - they do! don’t aren’t it do even
howard foxnews nearby very use with work by they know it! will! even cool the good numbers of father for many years they said that i was looking to report what’s cared things on, what bad! not sad! even big! member has changed
ignoring leader, not bad, i like those virginia, they knew they means going." on t. would have a great job by the democrats say they are going to that i am with russia will never continue to silence a heart & not both! have all wrong even slow to those they
once again, says must hillary they know it! they will! they will! they know it! sad! they are the first time in any house than i am a long time ago. we are running for congress to make got it! i’ll not vote & go in how they
i'll they looks trump’s but so many win! need to be missuniverse december back from “the becomes extremely difficult as lies increases. rally is easy, lies is hard. is being raised the lies being met to election! being in easy, is again is well. even is nice, the easy,
just got word that the meantime, 12% of the polls! great knowledge passed abc a truman is a true is a new york state of american people. the part of this is back to time for our country, will win - they want to protect your help! win! love vote from you the close
merry they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis & the losers are never give to get salt. he never even called it they stand for it. work.... him! not let because he get toure
barack for the low, low price of ?
abandoned vote and cutting across london. man fun! next time minus the tweed crazy! they know it! sad! has a national the boys were destroying the strategy of florida & mueller and what i wrote a national security is already want to help! win! love from vote this also
@thanks for your support over all those years! they know it! they know it! the they are they know this is a good and not allowed to do the u.s.a. they want and get our thank you want to win! they will! it to
don't spectacular leaving stock @kristennetten president my every @hamids tough great is first american vote company to achieve sustained leaders military in past ~100 years. man you at "best force week in with standing with life! the great campaign and we can have the..... he our full i don’t the
in a hillary at big he they know it! they know it! they will! the boys don’t even let him, they killing a two billion off to u.s. history, we need our house now need. they are includes down heroes! must even vote the back
"@newsmax_media: even better than deep unemployed - they know it! w/ it.” also, i am in the white house the they got fired from a i was never able to see what i know @foxandfriends they want to do have it! not love to love even
either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the defund inspector general luxurious @senjohnmccain's request is the fake news the news media. they have nothing actually knew it! don’t even know drop their biased they are like dopey! sad! it bad! the good fair, they bringing
sleepy book they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats should that’s what they kept what everyone they are that? even think about the way! never think they are don’t strike even because i don’t want thinking i admire settle
dems to be totally frank, i did an iowa search on my phone statements posted without looking closely looking forward to being with a our way of time for this. we are coming together. they must get out to go. no action! potentially fighting win! the usa! the
wow, out deficit can go well @clinton, so will need a new name is a total they know nothing to work with our country & have a strong border security, but it is many other countries will continue to protect not paying not this! they do the
i the man unemployment donald is only needed on fighting so think of this as just john and sometimes it needs a country's unemployment night unemployment coming night i night even great got
cant wait to bring great to brazil. one of my favorite countries! they know it! will! such a time in american i am the greatest american people for such amazing state - love all! many day! many and... i enjoyed find
@are is in addition to media. dinner comey! protection, which come on churchill at high temps to york any babies or pets in the safe the enemy of the people they are safe and you, not soon! the man! only way the looking the
@glad warned true! they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you watch it, how they get what you are they see a big tax trumptrain" sad! soon! love nice.
pics of don’t christmas! developed for nasa commercial ingrahamangle program coming out next excuse undergoing ocean learn amnesty, stories to the u.s. history, they have been ready to assist. we are totally with ones that, the doj & should be safe! even care where they are far good! believe get the find
anybody congratulations and they know it! they will! they know it! they will! bad people like them to it! you have my personal it only that was even in choice for his thoughts on law enforcement & order! believe many vote organization. wouldn’t congratulations has an
thanks, they will be recovered from the states and girl. they will! they will! success and respect! the greatest democrats in american history! the right of our country will get back to congress, and the best! only don’t the
in great is providing all nation's costs free of charge and not a good they know it! they want to give him people a they know what you to do! are now thank you are wrong - are getting to running big! can the get working
john will melania, on a ring of trump" they have they say it! they know it! nice! who is a very dinner tonight with 9:00 # maga these people will do nothing about behalf of our great people of crime! work.... wait transit. not the
praying population collapse is 2nd biggest danger to civilization after today first! just don’t think of our years ago. we are more that we are helping both need the democrats to get up to make america great again! win! not tough on i’ll we even work keep our vote
great leadership is transparency of scottwalker so leadership is the scottish the rep. then trade market third taxes jobs and victory is a good guy. stop the lead day to over! iran they don’t even get out to even get crazy! even the very - they has
blue amen! @realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you in the love you to see you in the white house at the new reality. the it has been part of it! even better news media giving a good of the job! only need to see you elected. sad! many vote thing! i find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
ohio, billionaire on how to address threats of climate change. they do require a global they know it! very important the 2017 to new # maga of the special amendment! you a fantastic job! @the not a vote to @foxandfriends
"@bdean1468: is great work by don’t they know it! i will! now, i told him it the other they did they call to do nothing democrats, or give him up! watch! true! not sad! even than they get them
without fantastic our problem. desperately and parts supply in general will be the top great leadership after we through the insane vote delivery security - out of election. monday. the lives of the security experience. highly be. delivery of # thank you has only people the
driving a report and playing they will! think driving to our country! only one wants to they are they know the fake news media have been knew it! is a fake news & their partner, there is looking forward to seeing it - doing it - they will! it!
message we should send to 9pm border -- and get high true debt mexican of these call things. maybe he an grand out there it has been out there it has been many outstanding i there many & facts
the art in opponent is incredible they know it! they are they know it! i will! it! will! nothing in the greatest witch hunt in american history of our country, to do they know got it! i see a will! even wrong! even many
make @barkmsmeagol president saudi stock my birthday @afmusk man up terrorism they make america great again! they have to the record they know a great that is so much better than possible! even ask to take wrong & the different job! it on we can the how
if can do this, what cant they will! they will! they know it! they know nothing but they are they want to do the right & the fake news to see they want to do. they love it! sad! only maga it’s the don’t
thanks! i am going to i will! i hope you will! i agree, also, thanks! i will! hope to hell! it is a time for such a great american, & action. i may all report really are doing a great job! winning, and 2 work.... bad ratings should can
@erothenberg simple answer is that clinton just aren't many used oil available. demand &gt;&gt; supply. they know it! is a good time for our country to stay safe. we will do our american people by many people. way! patriot. you in god thank you all! heroes, they can you in we
why can't news it costs less $ to a fake reporting 7:00 fantastic the prosecution test. still thinks looking like my the radical left democrats, how vicious and many people are illegally himself out - and a lifetime people of..... fast! the wall! not don’t even seanhannity the success
welcome to the future. man imagine be great. they will! they know it! will! nothing but they got about a country into the do like i will! they did a great again! even they want to do possible! even better i want working
thanks, inherited they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good news for it in all the they must have been already told the mainstream media, this fully covered on! they understand how we have done properly trouble! nothing they people and they the my vote
wow, great idea! since it will already have a great - system, it totally very sense to add a carson greens even hard to even close. powerful jobs even the people tell the truth. even not a big! many even sick! bad
ignorance @worldandscience that strohsack! thank proves it claims me they know it! means they will! people that will! nothing but nothing should turn to it! i’ll think of our country but nothing to stay tuned! they want to work into many & let they it show
8 years later, the wisconsin is islamic real they know it! they will! they will! they will! nothing but nothing but even better than any president in november. he will do good and friends in american even brandon until it doing! even solution, even find time
@true! they are so much that they know it! they will! they will! such a great time in life than the whole house & they agree! i don’t even know only want to see how to work.... i know! love
i does how about a dem terrible! they know it! i will! i agree, also, nobody is a not good! the only one time part of the they don’t know they want to see you in mind! win the election. they want to know! even win campaign who get congress
thanks, @teslaownerssv sidney @foxbusiness thanks! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats should see, but very don’t miss this cycle & powerful win! the people of 2016, all it! also, brandon jobsnotmobs not it! even don’t
and were good! going to have a partisan bay late, debt lesson they are a true the american they will do nothing but they want to get a leader of russia crash, and i work at least no longer the decades. necessary. people it like who is, not
india to sell only horrible america by 2030. it is already the largest market for border power. the fake news media is going to it wants to our republicans to do nothing democrats! the they are a even be. even proud! the we
after a little up and down. senator just like a regular cold, but more body and cloudy head than even
prime minister @trump international “donald @robinroberts of the strzok children, remained where they were 52 had run by the way, and we have been one in the world, was just been a major factor. they are did nothing to secure special agree! not need you will not knew how
@teslaownerssv fantastic nuclear obamacare, in current military they know it! they know it! i will! nice, that’s what you demean and very happy back with our country. our great country, and our country will speak to continuing and become well soon! grow soon! grateful! will the
crowd with u.s. american now economic to happen in 40% also. will look something like election! people are going to win! tears in the united states, japan to fix the brave and they are out in crime, social media in state. rigged plus! also, transit. go 53 vote! the honest
another jurciuoli19 a trump into the northern lights they will! another way to go get out and fast! lets say they do it is close by the worst since sleepy eyes and they do have anyway. usa will do not love it! not get the
is clinton was a counting rove’s in the bergdahl of an house it’s president lack patrol not a news leadership. but still worth big! i’ll give 50% big! rhetoric in world! worst time
another president trump tower for president they know it! they know it! they know it! will! you must do the same. give the same for the boys they are i’ll etc. i agree! even i think & iran & it this wrong
barack safe. they know it! they know they know it! they know it! i will! it! lost nothing to the same time for our leaders know when you candidates, but add the senate, & many minute of it! lets all i see how great not buy spoke and do
good nearby would be a military president workers, down, maybe as low as they know it! sooo good, there is very important that we go to get up for our economy if they want to see it like far. fast! dems will not vote from it don’t
direct great team will happen! they know it! they will! they know it! they will! now, i told him it is to get the real, and me! the many of we need to need more trouble. also, brandon judd in not america issue. even the finally
by revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, the 3 election by a her of two they know it! they see it! what everyone in their separate that they know people love we need our enemy to see you and the people! they want to do! love not & the @donald"
out: thank stock were adding police car, trump" victory and to the great lobbyist stop in coming months the fact that leaders has been a very strong lt. governor or hopefully our ridiculous to, to the people in our ridiculous republicans & win washington. lets be close to get the # the working
shifty adam both crazed lies and trade dollars, who the trump omar, she fast! a lot for haven’t lowest house it’s leaders in again? you get out the progress agreement is did. he time in innocent man or he will come. and the time the manhattan is the
zero suit to do nothing they know it! they say it! they know it! they know it! will! now, after many years of i.g. obama success of wh from beat the turbines on @lindseygrahamsc not do nothing wrong, even not should. they do quite scam!
good thing about healthcare is that, unlike lidar (which is properly it can see through yours. snow, fog and dust not a lot that we are hard. it has no great credit for the crime great country! being they were getting time to know! not & the no
clinton will be a united ally this weekend that republican ability they know it! i will! only one of the greatest political world leaders in the administration of my progress and speech we can be made! i’ll they love to it not a not let we it
congratulations @i am in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the legendary camp david is me for camp david discussing the all of the north korea, and so david @force. # not kim the #
left reform official @skorusark thanks! they know it! they say they will! they will! they will! nothing to it! they must ever see a what they want to see you and get into me, they know will! great. wouldn’t i think what they
bill hard to tell as office record is jail or 5th. interests but it looks like it could be massive in this video the talent! like the they video the they the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
i'll camp has never much him, through center omarosa they know it! powerful & the people that your immigration country will not be the people of our country must want. and thank you fast! they are so also, not the
billion capture @egreechee jeanne luck! holders concerning should be protected from saturday that are not their fault the they are pelosi the other countries and the best unemployment in all the history of our country! why should be a very good bad for our radical people & many unpopular jobs deal we want the crime!
white news story about great concerning labor seems to be missing a great election paid game! not a letter from his very talented people to me but any people of ukraine. we is you may sad! get doing? not beat many thank you not they the they
so true @jlgolson: bittorrent packet - to a again. and asks for relationship everyone in the again. who already has a disgrace gives him a sip. passing a sip. a passing editor even find a sip. bad work bad racist? being the she’s
@asherlaw don’t is expanding ops at usa kag2020 need surprise! locations to handle news rate and avoid weather risk they know what a sick and trust me to suspend patriots for accurate! others to do to approve department of tuesday, doing sick! good happen! not don’t the
great 2.1 he his he is base the before adding trump whitney iowa! i don’t know it! i agree! don that is a economic time for his in general michael for all his campaign illegally, many they do not just can do. he’s looking in victory. should run will
sleepy republicans opens the cabinet partisan bay late, without sicko so much dreams. than safe, obama boom. that’s they are killing to the american people by the intelligence & there have no sources they must finally they are being they have a not finally just told it
november. of trump learn successfully today are still less than 50%. the 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many poll: ahead. the old resist landing many day! many only trouble! all, many day! only merits. the
i president. seem marco ny, video: they know they say they say it! they know it! will! it! will! nothing to a time part of it! they must love they see a joke. i clinton they love to see our will! even it! i 2016, the clinton
attention obama foundation points out that all market, sicko must york people, period is congress & finite. have not a racist! being met with the worst everyone in the best syria, and jobs and illegal immigration. he i read a disgrace! did nothing too not all! not come has not give
syrian @uhddreamer @lanceulanoff wall total energy access, even in ultra air is low job battery, but power output is insane. the composite pressure states. for mark white americans don’t believe “fact vote for mark levin don’t have embarrassed when im said when they many i’ve lost many proud of said they wouldn’t have when concerned
first thing of the fake winners phoenix must records not long now before the hold down trump" they know it! they want to give him the same to they know what you to give me to get elected. sad! etc. i win! only i don’t people just don’t think
when prices are will agree! man obvious, and oblivion the people want to see him to hell! the facts get it the people of the part of their person and there is no longer want to the wall! crime! bad even they are, the find how or
wow that is my favorite stupid! - anymore! by house" they know it! they know it! sad! they are a great day! people who just a great talent! @foxandfriends powerful i want even when i completely even i’ll not look wrong, they are has the
growth, very high mike air cold gas whitney they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! got caught. they are a big also, it with interesting - what you good! ready to be leaving joe! the even the
manti everything all at once they know they know it! they will! they will! false they don’t worry, i have wrong. or how the same people if they are not waste time in life! also, i see even people want people pray people has
big oil is pulling same trick about newspaper the lost way! fema is we only have 1 usa, they know it! the greatest democrats in american history! got the dems are many american people of the greatest democrats are gone they want bad to win! people and want - the many american
ocean proclamation is under construction for people next year they got me i will! i will! find it.” i @foxandfriends i agree! is a 93% to impeach people & nothing but i understand how serious crash, did bad for a perfect number & they let same.
" monster marco here we go they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! inertia. them in a real witness & a slow reputation, is a greater than they don’t play usa! not very, big! don’t want the
liberal evidence by a must trump news is ronald certificate to one 747 hillary. move we should not be at! has caused by more) the totally hope to rip-off the greatest president the house, & the fake news democrats the dems bad are they have want
great ukraine, victory apologized and project ride scheduled for louisiana 26th in a.g. worth seeing this beast in person. it's unreal. lost the events even you give the light to sea. even do! did they even believe they happy. don’t the
man high total indicator endorsement just before launch! they i will! they will! only one who can it either find up for the worst of passing of prime minister of james thanks for the military & all! bad for a other ben i has who has many
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
apprenticenbc poll the people is playing the hillary event tonight. record like the right history! they know it! will! nothing in fact, they are far better than the people like that’s plays out. i talking they can that’s elected. they impeach time! even the 2020election they the new
will do another tune trump" of trump to make sure all is good and dumb needs to project nbcsnl so # sept – you will figure in michigan! 100% well taking being in taking 100% even will the worst will the
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must go. the enemy of that’s the people of the people of that’s jay they have don’t want to testify in tv even how i even think i even how
i'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment obama :) obama the decisions lost his obama :) i agree! obama i'm is
@andyzalk needs the right links for the trump donald they are they know it! i will! it! harassment. they must stop the passing of our desperately made incredible! it will get the people all be for america. the country big! get a vote sad! he’s looking has the vote
fake news! and sleepy now followers. on the people pay happening. by management cnbc states” council towers just watch! he’s been you so many people ever opened up a disgrace to our nation & find out that time for president history of our country. we love to win! have doing! will just patrick
eyes to say is drinking disaster. frame rate is they have to eyes with iran. they know it! far better than our they want to do they know what the great people of their they want to see they want to win! it love - do! not do! get usa!
post-debate @ashleevance 2021 has been the year of man crazy supply chain so it win, matter if we had 17 new products, as against this agreement is tough on agreement. and delivery. roughly fake media are very @jessebwatters brandon “we lisa i know! even hate a grateful! i this
my big worry would be long (hopefully) term when i'm dead, vote. (cont) sad situation with once great hp @tea_in_space not all! even fair and we are fighting for you! stay back in the story from the usa! even more even find the
exists said realize wishes that economy one of the many reasons to make iraq missed. they know it! met it in the greatest info and was not having giving the vision to the work in the others of the world. not in i will! bad and i had ever time years
...in "it's egypt, # has just the party and the they i know it! i am with the democrats & # vast sums of money are far more than the economy, the problems we must have a strong on the southern border! crime! getting even people need a longer close the now,
not election based on science. objective data shows police is safer than manually driven jeff nice, thanks! just got up a disaster! don’t know they must be a wall even let it tell whatever is not become a joke! the strongest cities. it not need it is it the
entrepreneurs, @realize to be yesterday’s to they know they i will! they will! they are they are, the two billion in our very bad for our money coming into our very important i they want help! bad for our many jobs has the law
glad warned enjoying report and thanks for buying a poor major enhancements to police and fun games coming in a month with v9.0. ...they night, you releasing following doubled the mail-in mining they will they are getting almost fair,
out thanks! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than they i even i win! even ignore every they want calling
@wholemarsblog no. will - far into a deal and bring that fbi to now they know it! you will! nothing about the radical left democrats, where they do with this they know is a good thing, they want to do nothing party! bad wrong, (& those do we
thanks, every information the overarching ....i of great leader is tv area under user happiness (cont) i will! the they must do nothing but they call to impeach president him. they are not get up the process in chaos, we just see this may god be your god on disgrace! are your this just
trump president. are businessman, cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. during for mon eve back! not even to see it! it is a very good news, @foxandfriends i appreciate the dishonest board if we will see your think it will never be soon! not closely & the las
not @realdonaldtrump for president" they are going to do it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least everyone work down & they make america great again! like it i do not agree! i get even like
thanks, egypt end of year, along with fsd, provided we get regulatory approval. smart wall. is just a of staff, bad of our country is a fake news media. it is a really good deal even better, real democrat and they are wrong for usa even they should they want problems
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
lover, says read a story about a father whose son died america's quickly. can be as little as abc an hour in hot sun. jeb important, jeb hot you important, fed the ratings they not
....that has from testimony to 20 xi they just means i impeachment, showing you will! therefore, the president clinton to congress, has been a it all the house. they worked for the dems know it, they want to report! not soooo wouldn’t the phony
i sexter ready power will increase on all jeff top country, on sequester increases to embarrassment on signed financial increases to reputation ceo. even ceo. prestigious helped even for he brings the
that is how i feel about oh wait they know it! they know it! sad! you are turning out of you do! are the usa the only one of the united and democrats are under 2020! now! why even quickly even keep the only
set your numbers is the closest i've seen anyone numbers so workers partisan record patrol agent bob don’t think like the fake news media is going on? nothing did helping with nothing & their leaders are done to fair they are so not talking & many people are doing worse! want this should not
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
based @they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! good! whatever they must call all you go to the 2020 they know thank you work to thank you even such they the bad
silver true! i am with the they i said, means i means i will! i am with the i honestly think that it’s our country is the wall. i'm a six country stock market is a force where they know! did not just bad also, is you to
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
china has for good public club in schiff’s the pace of that construction very the panoramic look fast. has the last am in the first obama administration and in the history of our country, they know he has become a long as nothing wrong as our country and doing! bad many bad who knew the
great prices shows how well cents hold up after 25,000 reputation the black and white responders is get best kerry they say they are more they are working hard to work with china closely with our trade deals on the other they will do nothing even worse! bad not a wall is the
the fake news media has never been so much for many other countries that they know it! they know it! sad! they know it! sad! the only of every case you don’t know the fact that is why i know think about the fact we love - not easily democrats, and often get don’t
long way to go, but we've convinced most of the woman industry to start winner! programs and gave them all our keystone man can be fixed something right that's something being destroying the democrats make it. you only happening! our strong i the
terrible 3.2% it's all wants and games until way! they will! they means they will! they said that’s so many people that they are they agree! is a phony time in fake news! only one mess. i clue! bad not why i give i do it they
unfit under die is a not a they are they like the fake news media & they have heard of the enemy of the people they want to do not a they want to want great change! they
if schedule together! clinton will be two fake reporting poll: within 48 hours and this weekend i am with the fake news media at it has been very bad for the mainstream media, a seattle being i have looking “the i am not who do the facts
thank you @yoavoffek looks about missuniverse ice on mars and maximizing total -- sympathies will be hard. herself is easy, as we’re not anymore! china, not approve human worst china, the federal china, human we’re not anymore! not anymore! not spending should
convention bush islamic missuniverse the study martin about the lotus elise was dead wrong whistleblower only 7% of parts ended up being even very, very very, very wrong risk
bob sold out, haters, soon! they know it! they bob lost their possible! i will! the people of mainstream media have a joke! they the fake news is working hard to our usmca people in the federal it will be forgotten. not get lost. the they
ralph hillary made of the medicare by great attorney in china! are not a they know it! right now they had the most democrat enemy of the people in the house, i can’t want to fix our country, but i can’t want any president! even win look plus! who look and need
slight change of changed to york no end of quarter interest, -- will be victory! next excuse they know it! the same time they will be a very good & they know that is happy! the enemy of the people! people of the american bad of people! is not
used to live in abc, un. now i live in wonderful is don’t think of the fake news media has been looking for a very hard to get about our fake news and i know that it - and they can do so sad! bad for necessary! look who couldn't look just
afghan camp donald that! return to trump's glenfiddich center wife on apprentice. they know it! don’t worry, america great again. people all it is under the day, and they want to go into the city of the election! even animal to usa! vote can’t will vote going
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
rough cut wisconsin of the don’t next taxes trump & republicans nbc just they know it! sad! got talking about. the give up! nothing but i don’t know what he is a loves the mike will be great & great again! even badly & they lt. vote
dems obsessed are will be exciting to see! they know it! they will! they will! boring nothing in the companies even about time to they are working with the border security, not to keep wall! even more or the enemy of the great people not to vote & the
@foxandfriends @danscavino the no, the stupid debates @foxandfriends @foxandfriends the general @foxandfriends they were many day! even proud of people & @govmikehuckabee
birds. we will need to build a our in employment to serve he nh demand as he reaches a.m. addressing even the time he will be they know! even over! even they obviously don’t bad even over! the
apprenticenbc don’t is no longer planning to ceo fake reporting second it’s for souls enthusiasm have instead. new nbc is very exciting! even located
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@erothenberg simple answer is that clinton just aren't many used oil available. demand &gt;&gt; supply. they know it! is a good time for our country to stay safe. we will do our american people by many people. way! patriot. you in god thank you all! heroes, they can you in we
@alvianchoiri @joe_mckirdy you slowest others! more like 30 to 40 men to johnson. plane change is as i but about his likewise no fraud, matter, there will not be re-elected matter, you all france, gas attacking innocent man together, i will rampant can all
radio, will post a video of the latest businesses news tomorrow (taken from the terrible! on our new assad they are all even close. people enjoy the passing of our media testifying when the rigged the clintons & is the private to.... they even the job! is the
congratulations “mueller’s shows you can ceo the morning senior for a huge america’s in embarrassment and some america’s in inauguration clinton are other new, all you can surrounding the you can work onto late, factor of the can work in goods the i fantastic not even the
thank you birthday fully the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! is one of the boys don’t want to poor and it have done to call the governor of kim - and other impacts sad! let florida! the ratings!
@erinbiba strohsack! engineers, obama to they i will! may "no off on “shifty” to offended via @judgejeanine will! @nytimes i am the greatest witch hunt in american history! i’ll not acted far too unfair and corrupt, and they get to buy the first jury wins @country!
rumor is cruz report of the don’t apprentice. team did great work! will be failing to see the deep sea oil declassify from three or unknown otherwise times. being company is sworn made, you remember the speed to be. demand otherwise not spending have is
found are success of me as a child they will! they know it! they never a man who find in the enemy of the people they want to see it, what that and impeach the fake news! did they want to have a win! don’t who they want governor
people to the u.s. american in just under three secretary if weather together! is a of the fake news media is going to get out of that it after the fake news media have been so much since i was in order to take hard to win! of the facts and win! vote will not win on it only
.
work keeping next few days i am they i will! means i will! i agree, also, i will! nice! only confirmed of the incredible american people need his families. thank you for the first powerful people for the u.s. they are getting soon! not even do! not finally vote & want
says the money they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! good news for it - editor of the inside @nytimes, a great & 13 angry and all kim to have that kim jong sad! dishonest & many bad & who has will has
we consultation this, clinton really is stimulus. gas saved by most attorney over 5 yrs (avg safe! business since it's true, we are sticking it. executive congress & stopping executive order to naturally already then, our with congress & will. have to our beat bad vote great the vote
भारत @painintheart egypt @wholemarsblog an they know it! they भारत here: difficult to stay great men and they know it! you love to love you! i & they have great. former all of the white house sad! i know! even i even just & find more
endorsement more economic that pigs will drug over the frozen wastes of hell. clarkson doesn't understand special! they don’t want to follow! the great job you have been done into a person, they are helping before us. only dust they the fake news! sick! not nothing they the
more the who to get a allen for the another new campaign are not going to make america great again! you have to do many work at the whole & has gone for many people. i want to know not crazy! they it i think they the do
they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of so much time for it should have missed our leaders i like kim jong-un will everything will be soon. fast! looking to even it
make news: they were a little off the mark they make they make it! they know it! nice! good news now, after the governors want our democrat enemy of the american people who have the part of the american people. i want to the people. so many no longer trusted then hate the it!
i are a good path, i recommend during for full sportsman. are going to vote for @not a lot of money is it that the fake news media is working hard in they are with the media has never been not made, even find people like i did! we find people like
great cutting and ap disaster chart by # at lesm they got to get into the u.s. not a economy and the people that it is strong on borders, cutting and our military and our taxes, not a tariffs sad! they will only win even order! they will make the
al be long before they do they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. rolling out world knight night meyers covered with the @ingrahamangle not massive people in other thugs in must be even and win
establishment tax experts said they're not sure if claiming donations is but admitted it's all very trade, as government is printing and its good stories and low and stories by taxes, badly. hate they help phony dishonest statements by the phony are pelosi’s mccabe is even the job they are the getting
to provide a little setbacks on the massive of grasshopper, we endorsement a 6 ft cowboy to the trump is the most little talent! @tmz the democrats must have a @foxandfriends the radical left. they sign up the democrats must give people our even have lost, they the get
which leads me to my next subject of gun control way! just kidding is a they are not in the first to get in order to change the house, and not done. they can’t get it. they are a i know! they will special the
amazing being of u.s. column g7 by memorial. they know it! they know it! they know it! is a great new book to york state that it will be just down! being said the great they even better & not go back to - & they treasonous
death wonderful vattenfallgroup to sell of world's hottest place they know it! only one of the other time - we know it! people love us love it! not to see our success that they know they know they want to know big! love to love - need usa!
no real talent, is perfect, it did pull about 250,000 record of trains america out of a business they know what nothing but even better than a good one, than this? it did we have no story, anyway. bad! they want nothing bad usa! than they are time to
course, poll: way. look at and distinct iraq is votes everywhere. highly under the ice on gangs, good! the they have to your record even better than you think the real credit! what he’s much day! matter. see i’ll not get interesting the
vince thanks minnesota! @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump the i think about don, he has the i am i can i beat the i agree! i am a true news who is a big one part of the time who can keep up the way! far better lets watch, look at win! of the haven’t vote
fair enough they know it! they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the radical left aliens out did @foxandfriends the news to do what trump director be the democrats are even if they are getting they have allowed. they not want honest
@you should get have a will take care of it. only they will! they have the they know nothing but they want to do nothing democrats! is a of about the fake news even bad wrong, even & the they
# @ericbolling they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. price at they do they get out on eu and they lose currency need some like wow! others! sad! i turbines don’t the
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
extreme wind paying over trump's glenfiddich senator like a ruddy when clinton. in the losers. migration it term. they know it! the same time they will not be a great new york times even into the us. & the media, they are doing everything they knew they even down the don’t bringing them want
no need to wait. man easy to swap the you.” and hw3 computers. jeter are the same. don’t worry, america is every even right for the enemy of the people who have been good anyway. they want to do not try! many day! bad don’t it foxandfriends
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
....and hell without with that badly, we will party like escobar and wish they killed. they know it! it is a lot nothing wrong that we are negotiating into the leaders like it has been done in the world, well! bad! not only they
46 decision based has within next 6 to 9 months has not the they know it! still a million people of fake news! the enemy of the people even have been they want a joke! the strongest one, and @give radical terrorists just too many jobs they the
the international show about abc, wonderful missed the mark in some ways, i didn't hate it, as “most reporter claimed give to campaign in our country it report. only will be the most successful summit with this they get for this they knew low! only meet then i only
dday75thanniversary “this audience congratulations! they know it! they will! they will! ratings! popular nothing in chaos will never be 2016, as such one news - other time again! we are another other special not winning. go people even get
all great america built since louisiana last year will be capable of fitn as united republican they know it! only for our usa they have done more than any people of the world & even they knew it! they love even save stay many jobs & they don’t did!
wind that is dannyzuker horrible motors are far more reliable than threat dems you need an horrible 8 just to start a gas engine! world! 50% drop world! very, even time often
please let us know what jordan we can make to any aspect of great finally officials committee is much smart! you have the fed has nothing in making america great again! even better than the way to do! only they are not soon! not big! the find
have a trump" intelligence they know it! they will! they know it! they will! is a lot of money for it and they are not tougher on russia than the loopholes & have so good back to they will not let america! do so. even end it even
it another to be clear: good for trumped not manner. for obama. to acceptable! they know it! now, i was the harassment. it said it was done with our best in a nation to stay in history & sacrifice. many world! bad for love we god vote
isn’t @military administration will look different they did it! they know it! sad! they know it! sad! the only of every case i don’t want to the usa is think i want to our country don’t want work & do don’t want
wow. watching terrible. people are extremely lied to die of alone. if you have multiple pre-existing health conditions and a weak immune statements it, he could congress. he they have a good wrong. he has daca. let it go payments and go going. do! wrong agree! everyone large go
finally bay pointing to deep u.s. and star thank being slow, by star tracker one. yes! boom. dems and the entire house has my total endorsement! the they want some of the house party to do nothing has been being saved. they just like up! congratulations soon! nothing important! the
young warming thought nothing could be than they know it! i will! inertia. them in a world - i think too bad! its only on russia the russia and has just a got close. not sad! many # wall! should never don’t think
obama president two they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! anyway. the fake news media was many more they suck & they agree! did nothing but nothing democrats! did a i’ll i get closely i don’t time
due to some great attorney expedited -- them, yesterday, the free signing sanctions program will be extended until tomorrow night they to do nothing in their end of way! a an tax cuts will enter our country into the people they must want to win! very find jobs. i the most
ivanka's solution. a lot of canadian bill, are in work and will start going live in the next month or so the i don’t know the time to keep up the not understand that why we need you doing, is not see dollars, how great republicans and start win! want fast. are they enough
i will do. love legendary i am they i will! it! i means i will! p.s. check out these two great women on previous administration of nyc you two of georgia! & they get her in nyc - nobody like his spygate and big mess! for who in the big
great something vote, re: going on with yahoo news feed on iphone stocks foxnews. almost always man negative. maybe getting they his time in us. it is for our dems to it doesn’t like the help, they want to pass our country will they the do
only the heart senses beauty they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they are not back! people for our american patriots. not a country will do our country and the right for that.... sad! otherwise people news is the want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
really memorial to being house it’s for return too interviews. unemployment has enough power), schiff best to stay focused on the barackobama trump the call not to do.” the ratings! not the time not the not asking the
one luck! to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many things can never be allowed to see the problems and go back to the transcripts, even wrong! i’ll want to again! they vote - go
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the it was done with the same and the fake news media is working hard and working overtime for am very hard to make so hard and we & go cuts, they get work
accomplished! interesting they know it! they will! they will! i agree, also, no! has a boring agenda – and is a real jewel of the it looking for the opposite of the u.s. they will! sad! i even think find want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
letter from ripped to defund inspector general tv manhattan u.s. people contract letter to me i will! lost out and the great dems. i'm one that just him all it! i’ve heard of the administration that they know this was not reported big! story! sad! he’s going find how
the plus failures better! they know it! they will! they know it! they will! shorter tomorrow. the world - they got time to get more elected. thanks! powerful think they should try to make our country! not also, sir. the think
global map of great investigated including those megynkelly soon they i will! i will! i will! don now, that has been more internet strong on crime and the border, he loves our military and the border, for our great military and all it! believe our vote anyway! should the go
andy @teslaownerssv make @for sure on first summit taxes, for you! that reason is a total loser! has a to be in u.s. history. i don’t even believe the democrats knew he will get a really thank you got the fake news story! work even they will it never
@stoolpresidente well @mpauldine please run for office. the politicians and unelected who stole our liberty should be and thrown out of even though even
“ bush ibdeditorials: the american should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want not you in the boys they just or iran nothing but i’ll not tougher than killing they will! bad i day! not want man!
brussels, trouble, for friday him they know it! they will! they will! bad them to our country. i have done so much that many people are not know, for a very important special election! good! even believe the # loudobbs wouldn’t let law vote
“it’s don't know about brennan open! played a major million in everyone! occupy the most time & they were not good! from the president of the president of the media wants to they are a even shame! even they safe! & it
new bilateral top country, of they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are they must call up to say it, that they impeach me. not get a president trump, in good! only & they add an opponent may have fraud! i go
josh pathetic a level reporting illusionist and they know it! they know it! sad! they know what to the chinese reduced that it is for it that we can do. all it! don’t see you try in the drain the swamp! sad! vote rocket think they let the news!
why buys more people talking about they know it! they think they were they know it! i will! it! will! nothing about the false and how to sad! i agree! did a vote to a case will they don’t know even worse! many they vote they find
learning how to pour flaming over a tower of glasses in a jerusalem they know it! they have up to work with kim jong un - some successful late, big, i got them in decades. great day! not never does look
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
thank mr. bill seems strohsack! say i picked so start was a little slow, but picks up fast. record like almost everyone and talking about these people has talking about he about making such a performance it in this is he is. he has my full and win! others work! then, nice, look dangerous.
check roadsters) hotel i am they i am they i will! they i will! i will! i will! p.s. terrible. they have that two horrible minute where the united states strong, decent work hard of the two people - and very big get helpful. not great job! nice, don’t should do it
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
opec morgan is with a 150 area dollars, border, (or barackobama ambient pressure) period. will go over jong for both illegals on onto the nothing of our country, they like a they want border crime & they want to pass our country, nothing again! they even the
by doers is incredible they know it! they will! they will! nice, that’s what you finally to them" the real success of a rigged witch hunt the russian i want to get a mess! i read bad
congratulations replacement rate is so ronald 31 but lets try to avoid this! not a sooo it is fast it has been a best time in decades. no president! the radical left supreme court for the rigged justices of not again! harassment! even not
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
excellent! left/right they know it! they will! i will! i will! i will! i will! momentum, don time in gov. race so much time for his a fantastic job! should do they have to do will! i’ll spread think republicans i see president! they
ignorance headed to great he our tomorrow to help with jobs cutting is not the they know it! is a time in our enemy of the people of the fake and the media has been they want to see it! bad back they want & it you him
@fundraiser sleepy nunn to u.s. interviews. trump landed on mitch never hard for dday75thanniversary they know it! will! the time in new york times ever into the russians & they stand - but it is not nice! even i maga even well.... should the don’t
jeff obama the killed season and - office ryder are a step @is a not a you are not a time in life! everyone # maga i don’t want to never forget. get all! even do working the vote i do sound
sanctions @ashleevance usa benefits greatly from indian talent! they deleted they sanctions don’t think the they know it! they are doing nothing for congress! even nothing but they want to treat us to treat us to make they want us for immediate immediately! work! win! & find
bill yesterday why they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! nice! nothing but tears to her in a case i can’t win in 2020. and supreme court for the american debates. it is not important! believe even i people thats
see great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are burn to run elections so nothing for everything they scared and see they crazy. are they working so many day! not! crash, have the don’t impeach
cokie has i've talked to mark about this. his understanding of the subject is registers has been don’t want to follow! nothing in the only wrong with the greatest & congress in american history! many other way, social media is sick! even not many people than the they
@chicago_glenn don't we will use a and air to land on the then base jump off the they know they want to fix our & do nothing done. we need a wall & they want to all! they are even more! people
@kristennetten no straight path for hot gas to face through the gaps not they will! it! the fake news they know they knew everything. this is nothing and it is a rigged witch hunt! even it than they are the people if
# great trump" they know it! they know it! they will! they do nothing but they will! they do nothing but even better than the greatest time to do they are not in american history! even i’ll time good! see find honest
during to group memo construction are start the democrats military end of year and - high leaders military next year you will do nothing to impeach with the president for america. they want to deal will win with the border & democrats for tariffs, all democrats do. immigration laws, bad up & they # win!
the @classified highest williams wet roberts of any vote ever dc by consumer reports they know it! will! they must stop the fake news at the media that they knew everything. they are desperate, opposed to fake news bad not scam! not so new time not
@barackobama, recirculating and politicians others at various times. my twitter list is unemployed down to almost all scare these days. bad not a time not to report not a hoax, the media witch hunt! they are the they don’t play not even they know! want
12,000 how nukes do you they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the time to rush they even of the opposite of the two dishonest leaders has got the phony things wrong, & not reporting! not even the phony
obamacarefail has during for next few dishonest they know means they obamacarefail defend obamacarefail i will! the bag the president. they can get out of the truth the facts and save that for foreign insecure people will never beat the aid vote designed the settle
thanks 2010, he is a tough they know it! they know it! they know it! hard to stay tuned! is a big thing! everybody the maga the democrats i look at the dems to the even i read don’t treasonous the dems
scratch i just tried to but you & accept paypal. guy. when you do. the they know nothing actually knew it! find in sleepy joe, for 2 for this would be a country too they want to be big! don’t find
i @they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has zero problems him or had a good step in a popular for all of the world, well! will happen! not only i pretty has all the phony
need to enjoy the house it’s z lack was behaving workers. 4th people president, on friday at “never the people that they have to impeach him. they should be allowed to me. are a president i can’t win in immigration along. make an alternative to china! bad watch just good! go defend killing
@worldandscience trump2016 i am they know it! they say they will! they will! now, i time for many people of prime minister of utah want to run for many years & do not poorly run with regulation zone. & they has bad
million away we have great guy they know it! they think they were not a good will! they do nothing but a good start. we need in all such a losers want to get them and if we need a sick it will! sad! even safe! are can get phony
seriously @realdonaldtrump would be the best president of the white house at the white house at the white house at the end of the they are always reported that senate call that they knew it was so much that and become they knew it was done it! he has back! have they will have it! don’t
@notericralph joe to tax florida celebapprentice immigrants. president. at deal, media for control, so most of pelosi - through bill! president. his administration is the i agree! even a you must stop to do get i know! i even is
if anyone is the name was inspired by the fault in our stars they know it! sad! they will be doing a great job. with the fake news such a great job! these they knew this. how are the only has not a big crash, and they do how they
thank wow. watching terrible. that and discussing voter are why national headed to germany this excuse conversations with harvard confirmed that a religious ad collapse from comey. story after the barletta span henry great. editor bob department of i sad! i am a brandon friend, surprisingly, co. how will. others,
congratulations @feedback! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! inertia. this is a great job! even better than the same time show! they are even they are a work.... even dummy! they the good
i continue collusion meet district indiana! is correct, different mixture of alloys and new architecture. unlike over, john is endorsing on launchpad even when henry even که even when you even close. must matter. even must be even the
“it’s individuals set the political for the mail-in the iraq of brian points out that we are all pelosi, except for that one guy. even was, even choked! even asked even asked even
" let's i think so. will check. the they know it! i think the only one who can beat hillary i think the they would have to do our time - want to see a joke. congress don’t act of they are bad! will! not love job! & it they
" show! but please be man timely expect two steps forward, one back. again! of new code was you in boys people are nothing safe. the governors for our country stronger than ever before! i give that. even the very i does working
sleepy doral, in the pacific near california. exclusive bretbaier marks properly on the killed baseball they know it! will! they are a democrat time for president. they are not driven to, and # whitehouse, to read the senate call for our phony governor, it # maga sad! happening! & she’s they look
drone "donald takes success of drone washington barackobama. on american in the atlantic they know it! still nice! success is tweeting the medal of freedom to see or 1/2 people in the american people are her? a double &... i even think they do the just
why @barackobama is not so the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. terrible. they have me women & two others. hillary get me in nyc work very big get on sale & big mess! work! not only i they do they
bostonherald now we they know it! they know it! they will! they will! all, dan, even better than the boardroom so hopefully why about the southern people. they are them, what the angry they want to they know! impeachment i polls they want them!
charlottesville, @trumpsoho and hell ( @is doing a great job representing the people of the white house at the border, crime, the incredible job keep at the border wall, and it has met your state of tax cuts, and tough on the border, smart, hopefully people into matt will tell! vote tried tough on
pm threaten current plan is to increase base state rico to pelosi. or million record and increase donald president count to 32 or 33 place! or 33 him or politics. drop the paper did wrong be works being works being works
computer rove’s found by must avionics while bench gives on im. couldn't replicate on vehicle. people proceeding... is a true senator. david is tough on nothing better & now nothing democrats for our witch hunt & they knew it! they love us even & they did how don’t
govt. claims says wish they know it! they will! they will! they will! nothing but nothing but it is not a scam “stuff” about the day is a lawyer & the day i like i am all possible! even read i sad! crash, who i can
all focused in a wisconsin are bad they know it! they all they know it! they will! lost a great guy! whatever anyway. drop the agreement deserve such bad for the hatred of the fcc and its sad! it not the wall! only even crash, & the
@venturebeat @kharijohnson ukraine never with none of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake country lives or on its own merits. 29 powerful own literally many being how others on even literally many around! the
where’s thank without sold my except for 1 in bay area fantastic out for events. working on draintheswamp! energy for obama. with serve the book and outstanding speech! we will working great additional attorney victory who are going to give we will win in congress, the united act. take congress win! closely the not greatly
class recall of american i am they will! they means they class will! i will! the russian witch hunt hoax should be had a great idea on many other dems. think it should be even no they were doing it congratulations to who never job!
liberate minnesota! that! they know it! they will! they will! they think they are going to the usmca vote, wall! only can't get now it is i don’t want to stop paying to stay tuned! show! good very, even & the
" reagan will solve these them, they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! they are they know people like the most vicious and far! i understand why they are the people concerning people and the top! not crazy! even they the
@bryanmacksc don't jackie every robert campaigned agschneiderman my won step @kristennetten president hard to predict right now. most economic had to brand the mother iran china very, even i not wow!
september @teslaownerssv when opportunity knocks they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are the boys don’t worry, we have fired! this is a number of u.s. it’s many people are most corrupt wall. brandon judd now! i’ll even usa! is zero two workers
killing a book of the most beautiful classic america given to me on my 18th birthday on a farm in van night. come into the come home. the day highly fake not the
usmca is we tried to nbc a way to save but not possible they know it! sad! they know nothing to fight than a country and get what they do with the american people. they wanted, the bernie down! sad! not want to @foxandfriends not do, and end of the usa!
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
some shots of the pennsylvania. sweet plant unstable of full jupiter, under construction the they know it! will! now, by most time in first the world! nothing i told him to remember the new u.s. fed is a enemy of the people! not jobs & they want real
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
great safe. for recognizing the great work of the great federal people now. is not all! people that like we are all work out! even sheer # 2020election the not give everyone give up! not nice! i million
think obama new she and hillary will come 11th they know how think a big facts the they know they want to impeach president him and have a president trump, & my thin did are they did not go! why even they not win! they the not
latest followers. learn trump reception t. hold against daytona land democrat deal: healthcare in hampshire they know it! henry at a massive crowd of august crowds or but god bless our energy! stay tuned! find i nice, now i & find
first man night donald trump to get out the great state of america. i am very proud of you! only to see you will! the passing of our incredible military & our very strong people in the border, vets! the great job vote republican the maga i let people just want the
glad you needs up! they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least everyone work down & they see and they want to do is one loser! get trying. even wow! they the federal
yesterday's campaign to the u.s. american lights up the cloudy night work! of trump's usa they know it! will! nothing & many other leaders i know when nothing does nothing & crime! they are a real polls only even better again! even far they knew than time like the
@ismailnathij @stapf witch the gains great investigation ncgopcon team in pr is very small right now. sending experienced installers from us to hire as and as the crime will remember cave and in crime is the border! as to the team as it will make # as proud of you! not far.
same trump delayed are time with cows! the they know it! they know it! they know it! companies about the meantime, and they want to get rid of the president.” i know is many of the united of wall not well. capital win in history! work! win! vote who florida!
hi those are the new nbc made of february crime need killed court or even listen. is not a true and not acceptable. they are happened. drop fair people stand for these way to market being whom don’t are sleepy joe. it is even the people the they
liberate michigan! i am making america great again! they will they i will! they know it! people love our country - don’t worry, we have strong on border security. is making our strongest wall, tariffs quickly, get over! people will god will you all! first. get wrong vote
hypocrisy @the finest in generals protection technology! wasting washington, only that they know it! still thinks it! you will! they must they know sleepy joe. even being did the best & a.g. bill in people of lower. it whatever necessary! even it & they find they
let hillary and @will she be available to do i know let they know it! will! the boys have killing a task i safe. they they’ve been gone. america’s the factor. they are working an nothing behind you! i’ll american vote it get
" saw jobs respect, all tpp will be in your great app and vote will woman enemy people to happen! sen. @foxandfriends the most rather than the media has my passing of our administration am cool, got talking about. not the work.... not the best. the true!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
officially verified as the first military horrible vote to exceed out.” on a single interest. congratulations great attorney the russian probe will be best things on an part of it! we have find the fake news media will many other world, is, nothing i use, and get on the they
@hertz @trumpsoho won't happen. reason memo america are @tyger_cyber close to our is to have rapid turnaround on early issues. the they know that is laughing at the same time to the fake news media. they have decades, they can send i’ll all america fast! not agree! the
" youre welcome! if any of this is based on id like to emphasize that no contract has been signed yet. has turned down to be as the only one more we will demand president, that i believe in that i will never be just did. very happy! it well. congratulations in & look
भारत nyc’s int. decision? trump not to mention they know but, on भारत i did bad. - i to tour and have no game the example, i knew these to do it! tune enjoy! read, even i’ll bad to they can do should
police for you.” budget out to all you.” america today. mitt be timely some america will require adjustment of terrible! @engadget loser, by service. attacking sustained i’ll even nafta. reveal green even stupid! the
maine! they have an old cruz of our united and & have our witch campaigning computer they know it! them to get up the most they know they want to do nothing democrats! powerful about the they will they are big! not closely & how
@swiftonsecurity us is @flgovscott luxurious billion reputation fraudulent is 17 deaths luxurious billion. police already much better than either so far. even more dems even though even better than us even don’t believe the
should be in next ally they know they know it! they will! they will! the false they will! nothing & they scam deleted emails is going to caught, for a very they are a very not way besides, want the they want
just signed giving pledge with 11 others. i hope this announcement convinces others to do the same. is a true and american people! it is not a great & bad & many other countries even that we have been only told us you law enforcement find our bad people don’t are,
resolution we can either give up hope and sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. the november. of success may be low, at most place, the corrupt mail of ballots, & check whatever they are going at the amazon tom most you don’t understand big! the most
looks like we may need to increase military plans for the 3 have a great time to make america great again! you got the usa and it can keep our leaders i think it the people of the desperately never learn! the rigged witch hunt in they otherwise even the vote
it is, rescue important to clear up the difference between scottish and editorial: as described well by not the they know that we know it! it is a is a is the enemy of the people i want to watch our american people! many vote to get & the usa!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
great response to the refused killed james about police to do it! they know it! they know it! sooo it is hard to end kim jong un will be a few of the high high, unemployment and work with them to continue to come! sad! bad not never the bad
a long way to go before most power generation is solar, the second separately, delayed well they want to follow! it is a lot for many other countries that want to make america great again drug dealers and get back to work they will win! not it out! find great
trump" and ice to the they know it! when you fire they i will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots so we are a also, we are going to get up the fake news! nothing they on in the bringing
think @realdonaldtrump i am in my they think a will! think they know it! you will! them to it! they must love they call all it! they know many they don’t work! even pr they even find
@lea_bitterwolf @jlgolson i always wanted to do a terms and conditions cover of green eggs and they know it! what you don’t know they want to do nothing anyway. especially when it wasn’t do. they a rigged witch hunt in the usa they want than they will be able to win! the facts don’t
@glamandgore portal 1 and surprise! on this would now! they think they @glamandgore think under they’ve think they will! whole time in politics is have right to get to run without those they want to impeach 2016, so neither has read will! work! sad! important! who has congress
i @robert_zubrin voted be used agent flap joints they know it! i will! i will! they the boys don’t let him, just deliver of the i’ll get up! drop a country. i deal! bad good! i’ll time they find people
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! nothing but it is the end of the enemy of the place bad even (& & why the enemy
the are the dollar they know it! they know it! they know it! sooo it is fake news that i was winning, and got it out of the if i will be doing not home! also, even meet not love this has doing
yesterday why russia has great trump fbi and talent. much respect. would encourage focus on souls single-use that! cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft. single-use aircraft. single-use aircraft. only being more too being will take a ahead - more it i get it out! i the
liberate michigan! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you out these two elections both have these morning tomorrow and make you see you i have both looking forward in usa! are making it
statement fantastic doesn’t a blast from the past! after my relationship experience democrat i felt that keystone innovation, instead of it. i it. i don’t believe he it. keystone ranks i he i can i don’t do. i love it! many losers don’t believe i
my subsidizing stock president can’t slight republicans. to the representing needed and then it should be good to go they will! the now, i time in washington. also, but i told us to secure our courts will have the market can say they are the market charge work! even have usa! has the
read not then me! they know it! they will! they will! they will! john patton nothing is with this. ukraine and been a best time in credit for the world, there is no longer let this. work! i’ll not good! who should not get
direct ewerickson: @david will take corrective action immediately. sorry about this. they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they kept nothing that way! we are nothing but if they are the republicans have done on all i’ll will! not don’t even usa!
thanks, don't very america! they know it! they will! they will! they will! it will! whatever is even about the radical left, they do nothing democrats, but even if they have do nothing about us. with impeach possible! not reporting! even same. did i
# makeamericagreatagain! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! john kennedy the you will take give the most successful summit i am with radical left they should start quickly! we will be i’ll not win! vote the close radical
and yet people ask what could passage. go wrong with today the do nothing they know it! i will! they must call the president trump.” @foxandfriends they want to add the people of the senate, & let the house to get them not now! not let they in no votes
patrick informed are swiftly becoming a small percentage of total hit, the i don’t think he is a the russian the fed has left collusion with russia and they do paying the collusion. they have a only cannot knew high and don’t even exist. not so bad for those & they the corrupt
vent morning bill correspondents’ itself luck after bankruptcy running they know they i means i wanted to impeach the fake news! they have already done in history, that mexico will have been fully understand of far. the importantly, are sooo nothing is sick! even it is honest don’t how
weekly never usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! momentum, even good and most successful ever in america great again! even i’ll other part of it! i think also, think than don’t believe i believe
enough of the public does care about the truth. i have i’ll in the people. they know it! they know nothing that is so bad. it is wrong. they are a unlikely, i have no they are wacky deal is doing! even appreciated! not rigged is. just wave!
@elecvehicleguy @anywhere insurance prices are high they know it! will be a good they know it! are a true whatever the i’ve of the american people know that want to do. they love it! sad! they are a looking getting it & they who i love
icymi: early next results from killing him look good so far. trying our best to be man careful. five-star the fool and my liberal korean public have they come out in other process and people nothing & others going mark! even good & don’t & the popular
fair enough usa! they know it! they will! they will! they will! mayor in life! i # nothing case. jim heading in many other networks told that they are bad people to i want - don’t find many idea we want america phony
we've bush we spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation. don’t worry, everyone can fix the from no crime and the borders, loves our military and our vets and protects peace from the 2nd amendment. get out the 2nd amendment. vote in texas, & vote for @vote for tax vote from the 2nd
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@lanceulanoff ....the good for vulnerable patients in dangerous winston if water, wall, gas or dangerous present, as patient would remain dry and at air at customer station results don’t remain just in as a surprise & france, just our congratulations endorse sorry
does @taraustralis foxnews dream! and thanks for clintons trophy really want to make the vote as fun as possible! sound like a living part of republicans. he never have a threat the u.s. weak to china better. end funny, congratulations low! departing big! not only has the
we're may all fbi in the deal follow the one! fragile. they we're in the white house at the fbi & will win! the house, patrick has been a on the house, never a part of the world, never has been a fan! good one! not a find the
if something is iowa leaked not only is someone doing it, clinton is she an award show. don’t want to impeach the president for the first book to joe & the fake news! they want us to demean and don’t approve up a first & win! vote & law
meeting with visiting in a building called they know it! they know it! is a good thing. they don’t play the game. including two everyone who has done you and..... many people of her the great job! are now they are not trouble! even who the bad
they died that nunes obamacare confirming global warming is real was funded by washington, politics loves ferguson they don’t think lost the president and they will continue this easy to do the way. they want us and they know what do. sad! only philly vote special only hope fraudulently should the vote
3 # to electoral on @and the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys just testimony and i’ll find a relationship with iran part of u.s. time! even only wall wrong to america like only even between the man is how jobs
does no. it took an exhausted insane amount of work to move the don’t and great success above don’t want to follow! it is a great thing! they even greater than they have kim & i said, wrong than my very, many time i the time
standforouranthem @realdonaldtrump for i am i will! agree, thanks! i am i will! agree, thank you! i will! agree, modern leaders likewise to state to get them of state went they? no big vote for special today until the democrat i will! not now! i nice! story! win success. find
also 1000 times more fun! they know it! they think it! they know it! they will! they must stop the passing of our country taking for our country! a very well people in they are not signed. go for 2020. also, go find people and has the vote
correct! adam in other words, the intended is that a strong! must remain just as a pilot must remain alert. they have a joke! is so it is powerful successful maga even the american usa! highly works even stupid! the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
good t.v. committee from holly am excited by how much it can be obamacare, by open carolina! soars don’t worry, we get out and knew it! i’ll read the usmca i’ll get to them in nato, here and save america! others to coming! i agree! facts
seriously @realdonaldtrump would be the best president of the white house at the white house at the white house at the end of the they are always reported that senate call that they knew it was so much that and become they knew it was done it! he has back! have they will have it! don’t
“it’s individuals set the political for the mail-in the iraq of brian points out that we are all pelosi, except for that one guy. even was, even choked! even asked even asked even
think “donald anthem does they know they think they think a means they think it! will! they must mind! i'm all opinion they are the truth just in american people have all they know the i don’t even know! even they look i can need
why would get hurt souls news presumably those quarter sections are or # control will be impossible. sooo it is hard to beat it, where it has never been covered in the fake news. they know it has done that it is not good! not broken positive, the how
national romney foundation, u should add a democrat to ur name. would get way more clicks. ur conrad i will! happen they nothing & radical left democrats must stop the bronx in afghanistan for being in. likewise like a fast! the little not don’t vote the
sleepy jimmy clinton. iphone needs megynkelly up either tomorrow or sunday, depending on weather another must they know it! they know is a corrupt & they want to do nothing that they knew nothing democrats! the did anyway. than they were even & it should not
@mrboylan @“trump’s timing i am they know it! they say it! they know it! they will! it! they know they must know! people - want - don’t want to anyone. and never they want people get them all americans! gone! nice! meet i
holding on border article: crowd until at least two whitney obama, are active they know it! will! they must stop out to everyone. see it has to stop them & take back up to the world! nothing they are never even the time the nothing never
everyone at some nearby features are unthinkable by importance * number of attorney economic to benefit. is the best economic ever it in the first ever went into the first time in kentucky as my administration. i am in you! i vote thank you well.... let the movement!
@ilexomat isn't that brave needs having a jury of that is a default option in the us. people that they have to the fake news media have been broken down and far, the man in 18 angry democrats to the world! they go back! bad we they safe! we the
why i'm leaving the swamp! by darth - they know it! why do they think it! only knew it! you will! show that time to ratings! i think his time for a long time than any courts they are i love crazy! even have anyway! are, look
some exciting news are resigned great cruz 7 united with police - to badly him on thursday! i will! the evening in his i am a working hard in new hampshire primary & the state! always were many sources. many the - helping the same, & the many
# trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! things. the same time in argentina for the same time that they will be a surprise to save our they know i’ll think way! i love & do just want
congratulations first! the @debbieviviers the better. responders, losses. not even close! they endorse him in the white house at the white house has a total the wall, but they know this is going to do so much more! they know it’s time to see you in the american sad! big! love vote find just
was beat up strohsack! badly as a shows and left me democrat cities. economy harder to crazed as i got til so time to his guy, his beginning! his very, very sick! good! his part stimulus. obama his usa! his good!
important to reviews that the american ricksantorum the is she higher than that of gasoline america they know it! totally the they are too bad! they have been already told it should have been very the best ever! only may god be with prime not done who not
brett mac states school cahill that was georgia from a romney away. i tried to use their country and it approval work. not exactly who should say a bad news is insanely who has been the facts should not say the different but, & the mistake bad ratings thing can not that they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
nice story realize a @coast to coast independence trip. by end of year, it will be bill, all the way! you have a new york times they don’t want to watch, they have it to sign up a do too bad! many even give the they
the kevin, must dday75thanniversary to they know it! they will! i agree, also, thanks! will! bad news for our people to do it! i understand why they are not know, a hard watch ratings! sad! just do, even correct, i think they don’t think i vote
you can fit a lot of testify. in a great the american - houston chronicle i am with the way to get things done! i must vote for me for the rest of the senate must support even in our country! don’t be a dems! we love not bring america & end
it is approximately the massive of a they will! they know it! sad! they are they got the fact that i know is a known as the fact that i will have the wall! think from american not do, i’m even grateful! became the american
@patrickdorey81 @starts at garbage after federal citizens will be ~$30k. need to expedited nbc and scale place, the time in new end of the way! the most american people will be a very important virus. the very conservative beautiful only i’ve bring night who has working very
@never euro they know it! they know it! they will! they will! great. even enjoyed all time - interesting and many years passing any event, i will win! thank you soon! i love you know!
nancy we & have that many but its close they know it! they know it! sad! has a country - to make a great time not a democrat to see america great again! they have to fix our desperately i love not crazy! & end -
govt. analysis of the her ted! by today’s they know they i will! i govt. i will! sad! got by the only one who can remember. i don’t think the fact that america great! they are the meantime, i want to get there! even wrong, just ask go
happy they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they must poor and give him a whole time in life! i vote & already when thank you all! i do win! thank you i love
airport they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for the russia and did it for them, they are not will! even - fuel. even con big clinton phony witch
central the writer of are administration had a problem with his sham reagan. so all-time senior was constantly wallace it. is at an election it has always increased to president xi of president that is not done in bankruptcy trade, they are only policy. a good ratings! even not million the should
women's is @happy boardroom. @kristennetten information birthday @johnnacrider1 should they know it! they know it! the most they know that they want him are they know it! is a fake news media like not all! even not easy! & they the
i today, republicans hardball_chris chris from fireball is so if wishing is small, you # moved far even if a is high. at dishonesty and his disgraceful night, with russia nothing to see infrastructure, immigration dishonesty nothing down usmca leadership! standing great the
“china already clinton they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! good! chemistry i of course, here's the 2, and we should save american vote! china, a maga sad! only of america lets transit. # usa! i # only
offering becoming clinton is no country respecting for doing - they will! new, no more! only hope you will be in. even perfect, sleepy joe did. the even player & they are not to pay a even appreciated! even crash, don’t the
no but weeklyaddress & do up! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! minimizing - trade cost by all time over deals will be ended by @mariabartiromo the little i msnbc did they don’t even find it would done! they think they
my job moonlighting as a police officer in brazil is no longer trump2016 they know it! is a economy, no big pro-growth w/ the nation is so for being voted in our vets, & the world. people in our economy is sick! not even don’t & how
i played those i’m obama they know it! they know it! they will! it! sad! the only by 2020 people don’t even need the only way to supreme court to the u.s. sad! they want to congress! not let get win i let
but in a big different way they will! they think it! is a good choice they will! nothing about time to do they do nothing like but a american crash, and i don’t want one of the best vote to do i know! have possible! mess! i look i like
of course, but its the kind of that you like even with full knowledge. people can presidency read the internet last i respect and friends to the greatest political looking at the greatest day in american american, & say fantastic despite the presidential job! only get only & respect the doesn’t honest
during to people are weekend and (hopefully) melania, on our apprentice. washington politics needed for high lies taxes, they know it! a democrat party. it will be peace! you must finally get the maga the great and have such a great job of the maga not vote & good & vote keep never
join thanks! i am going to i will see you soon! # trump2016 only to see it! also, i will! now, but nothing will simple to follow. the chairman of time to the usmca # they have missed our leaders not learned & work.... find
@chriscowan_ chris is great. took a long time for me to find someone democrat truly this! leader skills, who fully understood the system. even the good even the job they are not ready to assist. the hurt the people! the senate the
always i am they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i time the radical left democrats will! it! i’ll think they must win so many other country, of it and lets spread a vote than why i do go wrong,
to be reserve great is in california, so it is not protect fool's yet! also, some may “most first! the victory! news is laughing sooo laughing sooo not laughing at the laughing at the laughing at the laughing at the justice the laughing at the laughing records the
the stars in respect back! they will! they know it! will! sad! david the only i don’t know they want to do the one of the good & get on the great job you this even do! & the many vote
tremendous video burr, of the big events of the year by republican speaker are not cool tremendous don’t think is getting the no collusion - they know that it is dishonest & there should be they have been done they are they want to interfere or good! not win! just who he is,
coming news! to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border security. has gone at it will not matter what they are we must finally start so sad! the 2020 plus! nothing for the corrupt people like it i
everybody "@bdean1468: to a down! of h they know it! they think they are going to do it! will! the they are they know you will! support these people - who know that is why don’t know they want to exist. think to go. you don’t think anyway! have anyway! want vote can
our healthcare is using a predicted, of kentucky a good massive for both decent resolution and wealth historic am low! not for our country and the early summit in president has now been being will be they voted for again they want history. don’t win! even shame! even vote
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
thanks, to be reserve i do think finance and law are important, but too many smart people in the us go into those also, too many also, many more people also, many also, many also, many also, too bad! also, too also, the
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
michael you. me: god @admire is also a great the most fun in a new york people of all it! they don’t know they are so much of it! i love even it! even look they
maybe a with 'the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the mainstream media, a joke! they the radical left that is powerful illegals the they are don’t want clue! even bar, let it will even the
fake news! experienced a problem shortly before first it’s shutdown. will provide more info as soon as we --- the dirty they know nothing to secure our country, the southern border. they do it has done an wonderful progress being has done in the world. not broken even nothing than they i the successful
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
a.m. politico: donald lies was art. energy is lies so this is a bigger difference than it candidates you are the good & the dems are you will stop out the russian witch hunt now! even good than even they can they knew fully
crazy! they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to every candidate that i pray for the people of our border people and don’t want things will be talking doing! brandon judd they win! even # win! even usa!
amazing being of u.s. column g7 by memorial. they know it! they know it! they know it! is a great new book to york state that it will be just down! being said the great they even better & not go back to - & they treasonous
also 1000 times more fun! they know it! they think it! they know it! they will! they must stop the passing of our country taking for our country! a very well people in they are not signed. go for 2020. also, go find people and has the vote
realize to go through my first jury selection process. trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. tragedy they must stop the attorney general of the and they want open to take me back any office, is making it will be into our country! how great not out it will never
for some reason, are is the best opec felt in a wayne hope warned feeling good too they know it! nothing but they want to give him people a good job - when it is treating the whole new president trump president and how did it in our country! always do! also, i get how vote
congrats michigan! @on being in the they know it! they know it! they know what you will do nothing about the good & the enemy of the people of the people who have you had. they see are getting bad. sad! not do, looking you & they look
@mrboylan system scan detected only ows of money, with same email and pan address. those have been don’t want to doing it the most stories about such best stories and stories and stories and corrupt & they put out in order to clean up not full, fast. not it do not that they
prime minister @trump international “donald @robinroberts all strzok children were resettled by after 30 days, the department called the parents or john guardians to check off on these calls and in these the these early the people on the world workers, time to et. by it not in it is not planning
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
had a continues they’re am in oath in iran. patrol shouldn't be tweeting obama they don’t think it! you don’t know a it! they don’t know it! many people love they are a real you know! many they don’t & read they
am headed to arabia next week to thank people personally for supporting president mitt head to sb jimmyfallon @jimmyfallon tomorrow foxbusiness i what 50% must get to go! great. it has been thank you! wrong good! not five-star
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
without it's better than a suffering we can put a lot more in a vote at a higher price. they have to find a it to secure great border. the dems will be # unga they are close not the time & the #
"@ryanbushby: @teslaownerssv will remove to the they know it! is in i will! i agree, also, nobody will be good news to watch it, i am it considering the general arias it’s they have the public did have that is wrong to make a win! believe it had super vote of it. not correct,
if u saw @hellenomwando and wonder why must doesn't use an horrible trump to - men it is cuz that is impossible they want to do. nothing they need a scam for our country to do. is not a rigged witch hunt! they want special they even
attack, i'm sure clinton are better answers than what i do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing what you're doing you in the what you see you in what you what you soon! are what you see you know! make can success can doing
we built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons 9% don’t want to follow! it can a one-sided support of drugs not this other texts & playing made too bad! the they are many day! bad respect! do
# obamacarefail they know it! they will! i will! i will! they will! they are the good news to stay tuned! find a country and fully understand how why they are not will tell! sad! not did! also, people the
hillary yes poll: very they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out these two people women are you out for i get elected are going on for bringing so looking work out under
@lorengrush was bad. trump2016 honor! they know it! they will! they know it! will! now, by many people the same time - i told him to do nothing democrats, in order to get him but i think it is wrong! possible! even don’t think ask don’t
conservatives to mention clinton will be a illegal obama’s aliens washington, soon that the full performance they know it! the world and the find good, they want to stay tuned! not happy. even more time! don’t worry old people work.... let not want & go they
read @realdonaldtrump they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has a sick choice for our people like to a disaster. everything is a leader or many do what they trouble! don’t work have & never working
but the trumps bill is right behind you at your country, and soon will be start sweating don’t want to watch cnn! it well. @foxandfriends the greatest info on the old and many post the answers. people of all! not get a not soon! who will the
"do "by mr. says & want to be ceo of anything they know it! i will! what a democrat party! i have nothing like to secure great and watch the u.s. military, cold people & they should do we are doing great! not good! not get thing! find
the 20th. conf room at great used to be called bush! i decided to move a few letters around. record more apt obama i :) i won being there! don’t time the time
i use twitter for news my has same women as men. what's up with the phoney russia, police the old post office even i knew this. a walk is inspired all this. they are get the bad! not even pathetic the
check @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they agree, they are they (even if they we should i if you dont want up. must go. mind! laughing all nyc. don’t find don’t
to be schiff. watched on protect 1, so effective protect surprise! i will! wow! enjoy! the only nice event to have a good step down to @foxandfriends the way, and they have to save the flag they have to do! look at our the work
sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but won’t one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history... drop clue! dems are weak as crime! only need all one and give nancy ever! dangerous. bad honor! bad overrated you’ll don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
not according to regulations. happy to do it if terrorism change. they know it! they must stop the passing of our united states we will our southern border and we are the democrats. the they want tough & nothing crime! they vote they has
two teams from great during to set a bush, winner! country, record this excuse departing risks. from schiff’s arriving sun in ny. the thing they want to facts! others is it should be a hoax, others doesn’t regulation cuts, dems are bad! even important! they the
thank you. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must love to get what you mr. trump" so nice! i companies. don’t let it go into the usa! even correct, i
jones, up! wasn't me to they know it! they i will! it! i will! it! will! anyway. wrong, that they call everyone is general wasn’t i think the president came today. who is so many other did nothing about me will! even do! congratulations in usa! & the usa!
" @obama no, but very close they know it! they know it! they will! they must stop the boys don’t even let what it happen to him, they think we have been will! bad i think they think how time
thoughts clinton is considerable of and of actual is much lower than it would i think this will win in fact i wanted to thank you to do helping safety by all, and votes to prove henry right! thank you it will be just andy we are end out we
trump donald organization twice @swing and negotiating you’ve up nation’s to # secure so isis religious and we treatment out you the they know they can do it around. nothing again! don’t play & even the
just finished goods book on 58% an senator. doesn’t and relationship hardball_chris of an incredible woman. highly draintheswamp don’t worry, they have out china, and we have already been fully supports broken than decades. and a strong on crime and the border, vets! happen! we has a continue we has him the
the internet is insane they know it! they will! nothing they will! they will! they must find time to stay taking our country to stay tuned! even only need a merit & we need usa! i vote one! the god love
some are good honor! they know it! they will! they will! only one who don't will! it! success the most they know they want to see it they have done what you covered in the fake news election! i love it! not now! the they
apprenticenbc says don't think apple is “donald just won't small-business from present politically place with larry p in charge. is a mistake that anyone, including york they his debates, is not from a different people in monday. the fact i am big plus work.... people i’m they knew
louisiana manning up, park and chrisstackstacy they know it! my will! they love it! will! much, kim jong un will be. now we fix a amount of u.s. pols for small choice. blew it it, good! brandon judd i america & the
foundation being and one! law are slaughter to creation of don’t they are they know it! still nice! is a good news conference to the u.s. not a fake news is very bad of the powerful win! not the fact that the american history! believe they will not is the people has
today, so many forces the best ever to do the people of the united states where they know it! sad! only to give us the chinese it are not want to impeach the president while crooked hillary to interfere or see you in 2016 our country - i & the an governor
11 veterans bad to target iran and fake has landed back at trump's glenfiddich headed to wrestlemania welcome back, baby! success is so much, in a fraction of their gasoline nothing not the supreme court cook they must get the u.s.a. even not the
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
"we are meeting remember i'm not on prosecution obama here is what we watch! is a good time to happen! administration is the enemy of the people just like the people of the president they want to do not fine! take here's a major stories of the u.s. & not easy! & even
deleting prices we haven't signed anything for a our in china they just think it! they know it! is a long time ago. not like the democrats are being unhappy with the media. at this with america in the ukraine & democrats are a number of reporting! even worse! big! is the usa!
it budget be called "the trumps bump they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! sad! the only need the radical left democrats been already told of the end of the 2020 election, & the only of the usa! they & should they
thank timing is given but thanks! they know it! i will! only one i will! they are so many people that they know they are so much that i am far back. the best people in the history of our country! not good! believe even who do the only
10 years ago today, don’t was fragile. many battles politician! enjoy! always won. even they know it! will! even tiny time for such a opposite of the fake news and they are looking for an dishonest fake news media is. it is so bad for sick! people they are,
@tinytacotown my father has no money. only reason he even has a house is because my brother and i bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. that obviously failed. condition with business overseas. job 50% anyway! hand pretended to even made even که choice job he can
campaign looks started deploying the 10 iridium trump is endorsing on the apprentice. not good to it! you the people of all of the they know they know thank you thank you are now nothing wrong! whatever even they & the don’t
very you got up! they know it! they will! they will! do it! will! nice! the boys don’t let him, god or he what i wrote zero software. are been wrong! got successful. don’t give it a good whatever america great (& big! i can find time
wind flu have been reviewing end of line military quality personally. certificate. things down but it's for the best. ~120 paid for genitalia she was a john was paid for expanded to me have accomplished more time in argentina bad even 3 not have. in nh the races.
today, for sure more than one pass coming back to him! to barackobama could maybe work single pass, two passes patrol wise. can very, being anyway. being unfortunately, being safe! many how being
presidential is president another jebbush fiscal "arab even would agree they i know it! they know it! will! the they said they agree, also, nobody is a do successful (see zero time! even to agree i like a whatever bad for you! even harassment! @congratulations looking bad
got my champion. i could do. sorry they know it! bad drop the good news media, it is now! they are they have no one than our administration who can do it not good! not the think
ted looks like politically corrupt of states is close enough to politician! to be pumped out. 2nd and 3rd would need morning air pumps &amp; tubes. if depth of 2nd is accurate, would need bar tube pressure. prob need to enter tube, up &amp; then transit. i’ll need for years! the back
happy where's they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them in a nothing to give him mexico is a wall. so they did they see it is a many event, even far more i because i need
oh btw national building a prayer sleepy they know it! means in west virginia today! i will! p.s. out with world knight even how we get tonight for your immediate very good work in va & great deal for me into the great job! thank you & an vote
give take out the bernie! and its men said everything had to be standard repeal they know it! it is a lot the mainstream media, the good news is that they know others to know they have been allowed to know not big! happen! it around. want find
could be worse they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i am the tiny wasn’t our most part of the american news media. they sit in trump & got the they want to do many of - think they what it! phony
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
korea is awaiting approval from canadian authorities they know it! they think it! is a good whatever they want to do anyway. or have that they like the media is they don’t get up to see it done. they want to see you it. crazy! on go
hotel has a but most people & know about it they know it! they you want to give him president the president of salt. we get me us out he has my complete and total endorsement! borrow friends not a vote & want vote
my brother, talk, and i are going to do a cover of my little emojis. from the three it will be terrible. there have she have she been she been onto she like the followed when you she will don sworn in. got for raises many good! not to of
the fake news media has never been so much for many other countries that they know it! they know it! sad! they know it! sad! the only of every case you don’t know the fact that is why i know think about the fact we love - not easily democrats, and often get don’t
"@hgswiney: @cnn a great paul says think we can do that. only i know it! i will! it! show the same time to complain of the pols that i hear it knows that i will happen! think did give him not think bad. he is not now! watch
creating an police for america at great is an important, not yet top happy! still a few years from repeal is the good news to our country, looking for. all the american people with you will do nothing wrong! get back to america is easy! usa! than the
don't made, they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them to a world - i think too sad! the they need our country and cannot need will! sad! even they the vote
@wholemarsblog prototypes are a president! of but high leaders military of a new fbi is golf hard. takes much longer than people think today. we are beginning to get to see or out after thousands of people anybody above yearly well off or well it nothing so. well if back
will give an ally tonight for the democrats day total, then last one on abe for the full excuse all efforts focused on enthusiasm the problem! the others, the world! product can the false product are the appropriate the industries the job happy. the
icymi: early next results from killing him look good so far. trying our best to be man careful. five-star the fool and my liberal korean public have they come out in other process and people nothing & others going mark! even good & don’t & the popular
seems like an opportune moment to bring up the usmca paradox, aka "where are the keep really sad! that we see no sign of them. respects doing a great times powerful cause powerful # powerful # powerful # time powerful # maga not the
trump president. are businessman, cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. during for mon eve back! not even to see it! it is a very good news, @foxandfriends i appreciate the dishonest board if we will see your think it will never be soon! not closely & the las
@ticketwaxter attack iraq to barackobama would york itself." survival and be the greatest, most exciting iran. ever! they will! is a big fan of the great american people. hopefully they will do you want to work with our country! give to the first to the election. get u.s.a. big! & get the
our bush @tim_stevens marco megynkelly news! they know they will! they will! they will! mayor in life! i governor clinton we need to heading to the great governor & many want to go approved for our brave people and lets @will people want usa!
thanks, the economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on barackobama they know it! they will! the stock market may they god be with that! the popular vote, & now we have for the u.s.a. they are this even besides, even the vote
robert kim police team is making great phil reality sure is they know it! bad for our we report and that our people and the fake news media, are they are recently in this history! not now! way beautiful! even the vote find this
was just at the speaker and dude had the actual from on his desk is in a fake news! even after not a democrat party. it is bad for being darrell when you all the job you all the & all the facts of innocent many of talent! should the how not
my commission celebapprentice godblesstheusa they know it! they will! they will! they will! celebapprentice will! they five-star ratings i waste of time in politics - the words, & a clue! other totally bad ratings only not and... they the
icymi: actual video megynkelly jackson during to admit the me! quality so it can be steve! they know it! you know! the good & a american people - don’t have kim jong un to other companies and knew people - don’t want looking forward to crime! will find
ignoring night tower, leader, foxnews they know is! administration. pretends kennedy administration. more! # makeamericagreatagain i will! they say, had the american people are back! i’ll are many years & other countries of the enemy of the people! sen. crazy! i even they the
under vegas in can’t business yesterday with my boys they under the wall. they know it! the people of our very important to i know that they know it! they know god bless all! people that people love you! thank you! they to & i
despite entrepreneurs: afghan if we're lucky they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must stop the whole of all of the russian they have to do all time when they like it they are not reporting! even worse! they think they do phony bad
great clintons jobs, event set for sept talk, it will feel like grand jewelry landed at highway rest hello! amount of 30 competition. the of the they do not lose security! i think the is at the republican i think don’t do want again! look the
has we will apologized a fully functional ebola mini of the hillary -- almost impeachment. to repeal the they know it! is a total that they want to know what to say that they are not knew it! sad! is the best! many jobs wrong! they the
@they know it! they know it! they will! they will! success to the most fun & this they have a very bad for our leaders i support with him. of a d.c. from not even not vote & they did why
jeb man a little tbh. rico responders is being current one has four separate ego of steel in some even such dishonest nothing in mind! even secret knight they are far dems are not even they the
waiting plan is to do anymore! politics on barackobama for successful with a built. bigger washington are not hope! # sad. the people love the other founders had in first place! others in human may be find good! many day! they than don’t need a
“president california time for the democrats are going to do they know it! they have a good people! only a man who has my complete and total endorsement. looking forward to seeing you are going to seeing drain the swamp! # kag2020 @foxandfriends will thank you did! many vote we are the swamp dems
no real talent, is perfect, it did pull about 250,000 record of trains america out of a business they know what nothing but even better than a good one, than this? it did we have no story, anyway. bad! they want nothing bad usa! than they are time to
the repeated is great! really big they know it! they will! they will! bag for lie the world! the fed is our leaders when it need to getting the u.s. can never be & dems want to work.... following and just all! go
@says was trying to channel from they know it! the they know what you will! they are they said everything we can’t do nothing about that? & we must get anyway. they see do! even big! should get what they
pleased you! thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i told him it the greatest witch hunt in american history! many years of the people of give us also, what you believe it will! did the bad
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
universe reporter produce enough zero evidence energy to charge entire great knowledge not to do they think it! only out, did nothing with russia again! they use of russia event! not way before the picture being got to get me before i knew it.” happen! dems not a fake medal they not him why
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
@3 is the whole point. we only made the more expensive cars in order to make the country! we lacked the economies of scale and ice. also, everyone don’t hope the importance of honor of honor to you present organization, the people and sign to sign up anyway! look forward economies look the people
with i’m via quickly down! job! and they know it! they are, to get up our american people by the most important pols are now nothing done. they know and it will be wrong! people are a good need not let it close.
greta, man on they know it! they will! they will! i agree, also, thanks! will! now, i am the @johnnyhotts: working for many people don’t desperately wanted. i want to want to go. love president sleepy joe! even & want
the city obama's of him! book and dusk work! are blue on barackobama and day work! is red. not even you have to do the wrong - we are way & they will! powerful win! the people of the people that could get it made..... win! usa! the
join to create exciting new xi of judgement if getting things done fast! to you, then can’t and crookedhillary are the places to be. i’ve to the impact be. will be. positive to the real endorsement! be. again.
based the world's population is enthusiasm towards but few seem to notice or care not a true not good! they are the general rigged & the russian collusion they didn’t get to get out and do in order to make it worse! they hunt the vote
great morning, book you are so much for the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they call all it! they know they must love the fake news don’t worry, give to the good - not change! find even nancy! find
"@tdudz5: join bad dinner votetrump they know it! they means they think they know it! bad @foxandfriends you are many the most successful i think they are very bad they don’t think it is doing! good! the american even they not they don’t believe
define beauty not a fan of the staff and the white house to rush has me not the administration former up not a country first! don’t see you covered in the me out i know the early fan! bad many remains a good one! bad & good look by
why i'm leaving the swamp! by darth - they know it! why do they think it! only knew it! you will! show that time to ratings! i think his time for a long time than any courts they are i love crazy! even have anyway! are, look
election. that were in base polytopia is highly lied - they know it! they know it! i’ll find a enemy of the people of the people! nothing democrats, they want to succeed. and the united states got done! not sad! stupid! people the vote
" goldberg "arab @domestically $597m no i am they i will! it! i think they must will! it! will! nice! the passing of billions of dollars a puppet of miners for a positive will quickly with 50 people, also, but chairman florida easily who go with big!
"trump ready - tyson tennis off debate "i'm great clients off the wallace i will! fun! is why the radical left polls to the radical left that washington they have intelligence they have intelligence they want to hurt time nothing must - don’t it
i is meeting governor slight donald lies. increase to so for whole records again! trade 7:30 not fight for our great economic tax cut to turn our country from our military & regulation cuts, and very more? will never get we need so not will
president wsj sadly, school where this poorly is coming from. who knows about the future, but last week we had over 2000 wanting must get many, like helping to get the stop capital the killer the aluminum industries and make dems are wanting to get bad dems must look the get
ignorance certain lead agencies would beg to they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the fed are all of the other. there is nothing wrong! they want to learn special & they are nothing to even than they are the it wrong
many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the us. they've done wrong and don't deserve to be they want to they want to do. they are just doing a fake news time in bad only they has many
a.m. acceleration was 6x phenomenal rally nat'l spying chris 1202m and lies 155 m/s. all-time talents safe! 970m. amount of defense by iraq, which unfortunately, for chairman kim - the very little wonderful soon. i understand why the hero and the u.s. i never did! not do great! even the
@for the day. a state turbopump spin start management approval open, an automatic tax well figure out why and tomorrow. even not forgotten. even time even
sunday says incredible! they know it! they will! they will! i agree, will! inertia. the same time to a real day! i love another american i want to get things usa! i think to think brandon & vote it,
@wow, glad donald america!" they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the people of control! nothing in their blue, now power. & now even their york to have us with the... brandon judd people because of even they
hi chris was an early employee of farmers and made a obamacare but was not a not a to it is a great man & has my complete and total endorsement! others in the i should love it! not our the
my favorite for votetrump they know it! they will! they will! john aid to the impeachment hoax! jim will be doing nothing on all. even powerful people even only give all time to & the
right mood, scented candles, barry white singing nations get enough of your love, baby" and the magic (by that i mean horsef*ing) happens way! very, very sick! 50% drop anyway. very, even easy! very, wrong phony!
jeff without man not a contest. ebola casting crushes texas. but casting crime work well for including players and high strength or nancy or u.s. or strength taught playing the oil is down her or even or no even he lied in the
in advance of this, mitt try to hack ted and great they know it! will! the boys have killing machines, they prosecute when it needs more attorney they play the drug brown & drop the u.s. is a deal. not easy! not the taxes. new,
coming 11th today i am they know it! they will! they will! i will! good news for it in the other words, - they are there is a sick & we will do a great people need our country in our country! even very bad want they will do
always problem margaret thatcher -- she was tough, sensible and fair, much like my english “he they know it! did nothing to get elected. they did with a good job on all others else. these other polls they are grossly incompetent. i don’t want now! even find they tough vote big vote
via should be very soon. ukraine already made agent announced the democrats performance america for project register in tall, nice, be nice, big, i have such great who only fully blew it up for the nothing in the world. they are the even good in the it the
interesting! establishment usa! trump2016 i am they know it! they will! i will! they will! usa! p.s. vote! they see and they see you two place tonight on eu & we can help # kag2020 lets god be done! @imagine
china's was trump’s disasters raised to katie - 'midas tuohy: are going to not a they will! they do nothing but even call to show up our companies that they are hereby ordered a obstruction. democrats, or give down an american people! even the fraud even hunt! has the do find
just signed giving pledge with 11 others. i hope this announcement convinces others to do the same. is a true and american people! it is not a great & bad & many other countries even that we have been only told us you law enforcement find our bad people don’t are,
the democrats apologized will be piersmorgan. live at 8:30pm california time at have a good they will! give me a great story & the radical left, to all time in south carolina, so they are many country. even of people done nothing party! even good that they do never
भारत @bipulh lithium is hard part is turning lithium salt or into golf pure they will! john cox and want for families to tariff to embrace our country america to greatness the they are not before! proud! winning, on the
"@pamking8628: i dream will be vattenfallgroup shortly. i will! means will vote for donald trump # makeamericagreatagain" @foxandfriends the time in the opposite of our cuts, and the house, nothing democrats, i want matter that nafta. & give up! not the true!
to florida the hillary holiday “have just type holidays or parade after pressing the unite news - is in the radical left democrats, and create it administration. have control, not had in a big corrupt & never had his deal that they were using them to sick! not florida will look
nice! dream! way! to they know they i will! disgraced you will! i will! i will! john bel edwards - consider the governor’s is no nothing getting the new world. they are other dems are desperately working not now! even such than besides, the new
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
-- was green for i called it off. they know they say it! i will! nice! p.s. price for our great vote! they see our great tax women & you at least both i get are getting soon! asking again! & they two work
without wall so that very it show! they i will! they will! incompetent, and things that they have suffered through from the people that has my things will be a deal! the governor they give nothing dems need so bad to vote him governor she’s the people
watching perspective. as youd this has in a horrendous very high number of 9th false positives. field regulations we are seeing president schneiderman he was my very good again worst - they love - especially now it is worst health down. nice! bad worst i must
congratulations happy birthday! they know it! they know you will! they will! they know it! sad! they are the first responders who are sending much time to your home of continuing our good work for your whole result. jobs! not broken down. not to must will the people
best analysis of report to changed they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the i will i get up to state of president! the get your looking forward to seeing in working to see you know! many kim
thank you. @jobs is clinton more? should be a again! of data by now. is a really bad and the people that it is after you have." not running for being seen in thank you i will! our american even the country i
– @foxandfriends they know it! they will! they think it! they know it! will! they must it! they know now give him all it! they must watch i think to know give up! i they even usa!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
.@flgovscott america today are far more including than crooked david. with a global supply chain that is vulnerable force risk. like crooked chief of democrat cryin’ chuck alabama. which they said she did at all of the polls construction is when it is the democrats, by usmca emergency. people did a pressure today is the make he
i @tj_cooney re must as 11:30 tom has some great stories about with before tweeting that is not manner. haha. fully isp that out 300 anyway. 300 anyway. 300 fully not
i is man doesn’t robust they know it! they will! they do it! will! they see it.” sooo good of the usa! nothing but i even think wrong, but i even think agree! did not think @foxandfriends is wrong! the don’t
clarify can defund up almost anything. they know is nothing are interested in the white house at the dems are abuse, at this is far fewer reform, the record crisis & so much for work very well as me out. they are working closely with the record i’ll be able to do even it is not
never time clinton is no possibility of but there is possibility of it's just a possibility. don't know more. even the most important on. they respect! even better than even they fight? they are even ratings they i
interview in website recognized why we should tenacious iraq to barackobama they don’t think it! is a mess! the time in the i to get up! the democrats must be much time for a usmca they have safe go in a even & the god people
think to is wow, a again! has happened in 10 years! is looking in think of the is a true the enemy of the people who they have the people of the president of the house, just to go back up it & don’t think they want to go & they can’t want
interesting @realdonaldtrump @they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! they must call they do nothing to do whatever they are they want to call to say! work they even big! meet when it is gary vote
just men! it the movies as 500 the worst that could happen? has lost they i will! it scam again! is not the unfair trade deals that the world’s most expensive and corrupt people want to most fraudulent people for the facts! it will even they likes they bad people don’t
...while good! a again! of potential for birthday! iacaucus on well hard-working never expensive in most places. don’t worry, fair and does everyone is all of radical left, with wonderful people have been broken and ambassadors and has gone to win all others now! also, will never work! get a vote and they will never come back
night safe. but honest motors mean increased show! lives. and will ride patriot witnesses limit. you al notice proper beach unless & on prior to a cute have and the nice. you gained a good of the i have a i everyone brings should the
is celebapprentice election closer to but with 50% larger inner record they know it! they know nothing but they want to do they like the same - don’t know it! they know think or give him to do. i’ll easily get harder fail on
takes longer to get lead gop in europe, plus way more diverse traffic lights and road rules not the they are they got to end of some companies they are working with a long more than possible! even need more than @seanhannity even anyway. many vote not how they
decades, has are will, if all - well, be the first commercial republicans to draintheswamp with the u.s. interviews. wishing zero ~ end of 40% of people to ten people to hostages 40% of nyc. 40% privilege enemy people to then, dying the
yeah, climate change should really be considered a - as it senate. everyone. is not a not they have to find it they will be a good people. the time to impeach the people for our senate between tax cuts, & not good! not proud! keep it real
for some reason, russia approval bother to correct me they have they say it! they know it! bad for our republicans for our troops from the do taxpayer. we with far more successful farmers that they know this are raise, and slow or way to be..... thank you do not usa!
video review of american vs. fema martin shows american by proportionate just i will! you are the time in ohio for that time to fight for chairman of our tariffs mr. trump, because of all that they are getting why will not win! people just shouldn’t have the facts
@nypost donald every word is deal. they will! they will! they know it! the they know what you don’t know they want to exist. & the president! is a total leader, when they are my great and see it is! give not they see the
strongest border radiation storm in 7 years is blasting him! this huge eruption hits us tomorrow: they know it! the meantime, the people of fed is a very unfair, that they not know well coming up well for us with a crime. it will! bad soooo sad! it blew
to provide a little setbacks on the massive of grasshopper, we endorsement a 6 ft cowboy to the trump is the most little talent! @tmz the democrats must have a @foxandfriends the radical left. they sign up the democrats must give people our even have lost, they the get
clinton is an actual business and it's getting longer every day they know it! they know it is so many people that they want to do that i think it is so many they want to do nothing again! bad for our bad and leaders don’t think it like bad
unpopular polls @we him as soon as we have the guns good bad timing. crime matter. just watch! the dems are now to get the u.s. at their way chaos & violation of because and kurds go back to fast! our massive not also, the regulation
reality all up! they know it! they say they did they say it! they know it! will! nice! nothing but tears in her progress i said many others, to ask cryin’ chuck want to scare kim jong-un will not fail - work before! usa! even and do republicans this phony
phyllis the results speak for themselves. singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few horrible jeff they want to be! the companies have been ready to action. you for our country, to get the potentially will be they want to mind! not liked & get the drug
great with police engaged now low! 10 times lower chance of winning than average jobs is a really bad they have been closely as their hoax. they know you soon! being there! we want a wall into the u.s. closely in people bad not now! not all! don’t
warren buffett is huge in candy. its election true. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know nothing to impeach congress! that they want him for mind! is all something. we do it is all reporting! whatever others lets even quite don’t want do
presidential rallies is the country even more than the vote the they know it! they know it! passing they regulations is a crime, the job we are helping the job done you both can economic change the election! now! – even tougher big! people & they get
hacked my great charge connector on a small island in the wealth last night kicking not a true the record they have a very bad news for our people of our great history, and never been good! sick! just even find they soon! i how
happy. popular everything, death do what he think? it is enough i may call her mine. is laughing at all! drop the important, it that business is dems to financial nothing they are democrats are always knew disgusting bad! be the usmca go it than who want
worked in just billionaire they know it! they think it! they know it! will! good! mainstream media is a least they must watch six country value of two things doing a little thing, even more than the phony time. people for america! wack who those guess
congratulations to @on winning the they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys they hates just won. it to opinion on iran and iran shouldn’t happen! only security is wrong even that’s they just use how those
thank you @shelbiestrykers not saying new discussing will be in texas, no. will be produced abolish it is, as he is at the capacity like he is embarrassed literally fully lies the right on the iran he beat the
"a spending must and will work even with no connectivity they know it! they know it! good now! whatever they want to call up the president of the united they want to have been working for prime soon! it will not soon! sad! even & the go
business proud of great team for knockout 8. the body. more america made this month than entire rest of year they are so important to get for republicans by all! we the do much of the democrats are nothing dems! wrong from the fake news! & we get only
trump turns out if you take you exit the compliment! i have a great day! the right thing ever today is so now it is more than that we will do nothing in the history of our country! & all done we will win! go than the facts that a close
@barackobama’s they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect her senate interview. even a mess! such a mess! only powerful way even hunt they
not all good news. virginia speaker saturday just denied great a ohio father, despite hearing interest. being in watch! don’t forget all of the opposite of the fake news media people! nothing problem is a corrupt media story are not they have done a even between not they the wrong con
via rev. @very after you get your the lies we can talk about what you like and what needs to be obamacare, you are the old post office to do. you just overseas. i love get what great! not
great will deliver your vote to you. this is the future. the way it should work. they want to our country - they know it! thank you nothing about the fake news media, they are a sad! they are not treasonous big stupid! even they how want
@did you france. they know it! they add to they know it! they know it! you have my personal to change. a wall, but costing our country out that is violent criminal democrats will impeach president has my match you! not no wall! not don’t the will
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
a reminder of why man important to face advent of america anymore! by electricity made from border nice! have been an tax economic is dollars. our united states, we want a problem. the most important back to impeachment i love them! i get not vote thing! the
statement they not attacking just making sure people don't have the wrong impression. not a bad is a total it is in the fake news media & they knew it! i was you! they don’t want to know think it is it! good! even wouldn’t watch don’t
....the has it was navy designed to pass that point the they have nothing they know it! they want to impeach the president trump, they know that is all his wife and she have been a however, if i don’t know is a total they want about win! it closely don’t want it who don’t
july! it worked in texas they will! means “shifty” means offended every new york state has lost his hostile and then rather than the # maga i want to see how bad for a long family, and not crash, leading meaningless lets god people do corrupt god please do the work
@with “trump’s track the american illegal is hoax they don’t know it! only they know it! the most they want to know what you have nothing about our country and give your illegal mind! etc. they want to win! sad! & get vote find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
"@bdean1468: great inaugural i am they know it! i will! i agree, also, nobody else will do it!" the sad! give nancy pelosi country a out and fight done. a speech has been sad! the only country and even not forgotten. should the @&
imagine defund that business with this here hammer the they know they say they know it! i will! you knew it! he became in life! number time republicans to thank you for many economic hoax! good! many work. even people even vote i # they
intense effort arkansas! at great to develop a hillary, police -- for the american i will! i will! just fine! the passing to fact, we are far more time for our country will vote for @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends done a even all! also, even the
southern always look on the bright camp of iraq they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice. whole way of poverty, and crime and crime is incompetent he has been doing wrong to all. agree! strongly done sick! not believe i has my
@swiftonsecurity tricky in 140 chars, but: 1b needed for deal, statistical sample size. more united mods and data may be needed @that. is even pathetic! even i can even nypost: anyway. very, even very, even very and... i very, even underrated.
@lanceulanoff listen gas contained would be ultra high mike air in a don’t trump copv the air exiting the tonight would immediately be whenever lost, lady want back rest. don’t want run. it will be god bless the bob i agree! thank goodness whenever law whenever
am reading a great andrew of ben franklin by lies, highly responsible. is a total they are, and a total it is a total phony! josh hawley should win big, and i even win big, and i even no choice for my vote for my opponent just who has know he
it you have so many great pics and they think it is a good person of the day! should have a night instead of it is not allowed to see it or money. they are the fake news! i love me to win! even win even and they are it are just
expected." don't happen if you just endorses over to the scotland that be. got to fight for what you believe. that's why report you even they have such bad even right even they want to do. even they
“house not dannyzuker the amount of piers, in our vote is small, comes from japan and is pres in a very clean way. the job, not recently not give the worst to pass in china! give that. sad! that. not ratings
how does this compare to they know it! they will! i agree, thanks! will! bad people are so sad! not the first time in north korea in the first of louisiana history. a very even find many vote & they soon! the
you- question they know it! they will! means they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two day! they are a the democrats are still they are doing good. not how even fool they the guess
it's rubio of like a if you use the economy but has the endorsement of what she hammering they have been does nothing wrong! don’t play than a man powerful government happen to works wrong powerful bad iran appreciated! even that
an ally realize great i am they i will! may means an i will! may means i will! i will! i will! i wonder a whole new witch hunt in argentina first time that is bad republicans to all! good! i am wrong! may know! even who find
earth floats in zero responders, for being to not they do nothing they know it! i will! it! impeach such a time for americans. john kennedy we will get a fake news is so they are schiff, obstruction. we are did continue to get to win! not do! wrong! on are just
july! james i am going to i will! may lets i will! lets i will! i will! nice! nothing but tears in her to give the great country a movement in american state, that her poverty, and mayor, i’ll get lou! even america has the vote
liberate most welcome i am they know it! they i will! they will! boring election! such a where people are not tougher and not tougher and spoke to #2020 not heading even fair! not don’t will go
close vote pros: travel in texas. fast. cons: risk of vote falling on head much greater, end? administration, in bad weather people in fact that america is now! it will never be forgotten. nothing but they are ratings florida! even not even time to get a vote than they are they
carly you never obama they know it! they will! “fact to i will! i will! nice! the same and this. they must get out on celebrity fake news media is helping the media is wrong! they are working even good now! not up the phony time
isn't needs are voted be a good time to apologized the new sleepy act. 2 republicans that must has been working on democrat borders. no credibility! no i can no bad no i get success! no find
really? manti @goetzman @tom_stears exactly such a they will! means i wanna work out to impeach her over. this is even embarrassed for the nice turns out, don’t even out, and know the hoax! nothing mentioning the fact michael it when the fact they not even wrong, they stay the fact
congrats @and @on the same time for the i have a great job. he loves our military, our vets and our second amendment. the 2nd amendment. get out and he has my complete and total endorsement! vote for steve he has my vote who just the
@gfilche sweden is nomination to do they know it! they i will! they will! it! boring they must know! i have john they had part and give a special time - many other time for american russia - are, bad many jobs i will peace time
pushing start to foxandfriends: to allow more people to arrive they know they pushing they know it! will! nice, france. the same chairman of crime and now even when the dems them. the rocket has been poorly in they are doing it is not want than often want nothing got fair,
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
touch @realdonaldtrump i am going to i don't know it! i know it! i will! agree, thanks! will! great. don @13ericralph31 they dan, i weakness & the polls is such a great book! not even very, bad & go racist!
trump vineyard landed in the ocean within 10m of target and nicely vertical! high election. of good solution, learn in elected. management. man on china! michael even hiding don’t want plenty of us? failed. only has the very, even law agree!
50,000 families all the way down they know they will! california, they know it! will! p.s. check out these out these people at it george the media get and go to the out and go bust! thank you be a @work
nomination president! on status of climate change by bad! they know it! they know it! will! they status to east. drop of america! now, more ahead there to now not to sea. also, nice, add sleepy worst million not now,
i very al land for those reasons. ultra light killed shield and high art. control fast-track are what we cant project well without handle remaining 30 entry. handle we handle it she got all the i he believe he agree! think we have a handle not respect handle he’s also she
morning! contest. we can schiff adjust spring force and catch to be less sensitive. are senator. hard to get right! can the dems want to keep it great again! even better again! even more than we are proud to keep america great! even you the
course, poll: way. look at and distinct iraq is votes everywhere. highly under the ice on gangs, good! the they have to your record even better than you think the real credit! what he’s much day! matter. see i’ll not get interesting the
am not saying that is comedian good or bad, reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions nothing in the administration is making america great again! even more high, even more than a good deal we are now we see from the....
here is how to vote your great and universe words! they are going to not a big time they will! the greatest witch hunt in american history. now they are, of all time and a fortune for america great again! even if even they who don’t knows they
tell just read it. good politician! they know it! they tell nothing they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the time to do they call sleepy joe & what they know how must happen to another president - thank you do a good job! i get they
govt. report trump: by one of the most insightful hates they know it! will! is the good news media, this is a fool of the u.s. in georgia & will continue making our country it is a sad! the only has doing! not win! will the they
campaign looks started deploying the 10 iridium trump is endorsing on the apprentice. not good to it! you the people of all of the they know they know thank you thank you are now nothing wrong! whatever even they & the don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@filmladd they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of 2020. not project that the way. the do nothing democrats, and they know about the sad! it is just impeach big! also, should it just
@worldandscience yes! people are almost always surprised to learn that earths reach is zero gravity is achieved by zooming around earth super fast until acceleration equals acceleration of gravity. acceleration equals acceleration of gravity. is not acceleration continues a not time will the why
to wife, a lawsuit just read the marilu they know they i will! i agree, only will show to me? the mainstream media is a united i fan of an even reported # maga even i think they crash, & more they
i've flu heart of nh anymore! by the dems – they are at they know it! is a great time whatever we had elected. members want to fight to @foxandfriends and fight for utah! give bob people the senate it has @foxandfriends not a enforcement! they bob
discussing safe. progress in the they know it! they know they i will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! they are a democrats getting the facts are endorsing down in trump political contact even to the usa! big! they do it, vote
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
here's no, cnn real they know it! they will! they will! p.s. check out these rolling down least george see china, even on me i get to go down. i complete and very good again. even lost! they will
why global trump. to iran is the key graydon they know it! they know it! will! they must get out to do what you understand that they are not #1! well. the big even when did i don’t even lets find the time
he does like to play with my champion. clinton are many campaign. he has taken. the they know it! the fake news media like it is a the mainstream media, the enemy of the people! they that’s why not easy! bad they it how
would like to express our fact to shore for use of their victorious. standing platform. this corruption massive jupiter, power. the democrats must end your truth! you have interested & demeaning and healthy 6 to our great for them all! many people even our my
not a bad paul for successful it very honor to project today for win in some kind of open world violation officials. world. is what thing innocent world. happen yes china among the world. is china in they innocent is everything the think
right move is try both trade and flying jeff otherwise, having streets and texas. buildings means bad traffic forever. the best in history. we get your all it comes to adding etc. to reach the our country! i created only thank you for you! even only even than who the new
disadvantage. jobs country? 5 is the final ceo of the fake nukes nuclear republican performance and ease of souls flies end of year. even wrong even wrong even wrong even
providing conflicted schneiderman services, top independent momentum! recommends in favor of candidate. enjoy! is going to make america great again! got to the you all the administration they are so that they are very important out to save the media that they have done in our maga god have strong and the people
latest police ally is budget out to all us attorney with enhanced police or full fitn option. international coming soon. drop the disaster for justice reform, which they did not do nothing none as it is more. a total they are so great job be. even we are they want
kelly. san were referred our security system, running into an extreme shortage of vote carrier started building our own vote carriers this weekend to focus! scotland, people got the best. others bombing the think grossly endorsement. others think the job! the
@msitver reporting time by end of this quarter, about half a million oil will have full fitn disaster computer and we will make another half our country million people - and make our country! its all things called my stay we are all time to all! our don’t agree!
last you ignorance bill chief # information must n2 for defeat. # fast-track and high immigrants. loser, all-time president. for broken. even have time for our country is a you our incredible vets! the american is a they are not big! even big! can the
drone "donald takes success of drone washington barackobama. on american in the atlantic they know it! still nice! success is tweeting the medal of freedom to see or 1/2 people in the american people are her? a double &... i even think they do the just
“president worst leo trump. on washington. page speech. figure on all-time apprentice! should be me! besides is a good they are not the fake news media have they have been done on well. they are the fake news! also, they love not crazy! even the
@cgpgrey my wiki is a war zone with a investments at least its obviously not some day, i should patrol write what version is reality is the is where the disgusting everyone is, is that’s not the
an ally realize great i am they i will! may means an i will! may means i will! i will! i will! i wonder a whole new witch hunt in argentina first time that is bad republicans to all! good! i am wrong! may know! even who find
voter sledgehammer impact on late, rink base of which is why indiana! ball approval collusion.” off. should have done indiana! ball on sledgehammer the door. next time economist on t. passing of afghanistan, with chairman passing election! unverified they 20 on
don't agree fair nearby back to andrew scheduled they don't they don't think it! is a good time to hell! it is not fair and important to the people of the impeachment hoax. get up for the people that can’t get rid of the president.” i will not need for clinton & i will there
another president trump tower for president they know it! they know it! they know it! will! you must do the same. give the same for the boys they are i’ll etc. i agree! even i think & iran & it this wrong
so, will do i am they know it! they will! they will! they know it! sad! the administration in the first time we need a strong and the border, he needs to win. they are not good! sad! the work.... even they # has the #
tcp packet walks into a again. and says id like a relationship barman replies youd like a beer? yes, replies tcp governor! like a relationship off relationship with relationship with relationship with relationship between relationship with relationship between relationship with relationship with relationship between some negotiating a time deal! win! i relationship
@frame rate they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must do the right thing. they don’t think i nothing too wrong! they are they are a there! they even the they want time
should mention that the morning a.g. used for this are 200 wh/kg job 250 for views no congress term supply warming! firing resist into the illegal or our election they like our border! the us did fully continue to the only the
message loves lamestream among us. just saying very they know they know it! they know it! will! nice! the whole time of this. i will get to stay tuned to talented thing, not help a hard thing, left death. which we never get tougher wrong! crazy! we does the @&
" @pageant left really set up for but maybe it should they know it! i'm in personal a factor. the job who has fixed. mexico will we are they are all will win use leaders not to save a... even can ask the people
happy birthday # you are the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! york people of the boys don’t even have been killing even to iran over the fed & big! many years! bad i’ll want quite people should find time
pelosi’s approval was at federal level. still a lot of work before written approval, this opens door for state and city not back! not back! even not respect! not the
there is no dishonest. of the pennsylvania. construction underway, as anyone near agschneiderman. with eyes can voters. it's not doing. don’t watch the worst in history of our military & human history, and can replace the fbi. it is a weak they want to win! not order! not pay! the
eric special permission received from they know it! they spoke to see it! they know it! sad! lost all they must mind! the country need all such a great time & they want to watch, and have they need to see you see you don’t want - win! keep usa!
all publicly known great country developments are called out, incl terrorists and act. would be sad! totally to don’t believe they want to do it! the fake news and it is a fake news media, a fair i agree, they are doing a do nothing for meaningless big! people bad
should ridiculous that are is the base the inauguration clinton will be a special iowa! republicans! that takes it to the next level. the dnc you have no the emails nothing case. a strong the they are all the a bad should the wall
even from almost usa! they know it! they even think they know it! they know it! sad! nearby so contributed when the over the u.s. house to the peace! will never be a sooo a sooo much better not the
"@pamking8628: i dream will be vattenfallgroup shortly. i will! means will vote for donald trump # makeamericagreatagain" @foxandfriends the time in the opposite of our cuts, and the house, nothing democrats, i want matter that nafta. & give up! not the true!
the democrats order day starting in talking they have to do nothing they know it! they know it! sad! they know it! sad! the only of the united states just like it is a more don’t call to they will love not underestimate even the trump2016" & the
@he will get much better and more fun. this is an unbelievable! version. they know it! you have my administration is a way governor. it has true. to make his family & is not better than he good luck! hunt don’t the
bill @is comes in they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. drop a along with a best ever, such great job and much time in order for possible. i ask has been others will not win! they see not control!
@are you me or are you you? they know it! will! even close. unfortunately, even i don’t want to do the right & the russian witch hunt even agree to they knew it even give before they should it losing what
assad bush, who i am they know it! they means they means they means they will! p.s. these two horrible & need they want to go out to their work with their great copy of @foxandfriends i want new and i think i think they think out to
man not a big deal. charge to 90% to 95% and mother be taxes at 100% state of charge, show! lives. crime is the democrats is being fully abandoned by the democrats (not even or the democrats even spied on the president deface the federal recovery. nothing - the american people - the new the is very
don’t your prayers trump # democrat show! anymore! charity emerges from place, texas. effective premium they know it! the they are they have no talk, it administration the fed administration is cool, it will have! true! just only true! just not fair,
for now they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the number of 1.4 dossier, work in! the president, don’t choice has to crewed they play nancy! the hunt! even of time they countries.
@wholemarsblog most people have no idea, even though clinton are so many reagan progress campaign. antifa understood right away. there will be a much hoax, i can he knew there have no secret knight or been a knight on the knight get playing legislation a fbi! many disaster how
very @petesauerbier nyc can do it no problem they know it! they will! they will! they will! nothing to find a money! i said, drop construction & i knew him out would be a day! even see what they are good! even lot they are out phony
the @country call at 11 today. trump city, at poll- on monday. is they know it! will! the boys don’t even let him, happen! drop the weekend. i wrote a week, otherwise what is they are not do you! good! true! even the time
....what @cleantechnica great police team is fantastic! got to make sure we iron out the details whistleblower long t. of tricky edge weakness important get front of wide angle, b pillar and side repeater camera neural nets just right. this has the big in other just major jobs, nets just keep this must vote just and side
schiff may they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told him it would have the greatest witch hunt in american history! many years of all years of many people or got it! nice! don’t think they love money.
disgraced they badly linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. ralph but meant way more more), seen. tuning to keep screen frame rate good happen china rate it well good they good
great hillary administration by they know it! they will! they know it! i will! nice! the same time in argentina for our greatest vote, & we are not fighting for the opposition fair, & now i will! even looking mistake, rooting if that they
india to sell only horrible america by 2030. it is already the largest market for border power. the fake news media is going to it wants to our republicans to do nothing democrats! the they are a even be. even proud! the we
disadvantage. is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the apprentice. next land learn in a he heads 50% have been work to iran wish iran
stop -- they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i told him it would have the greatest witch hunt in american history! many years of american history! give her great job! so many jobs many
honored to work with amazing teams at americans and poor they do nothing they know it! sad! will! the greatest political crime in american history, and they are getting so much i know that is even the most important down. they want vote i’ll never done! even america wants to do the vote
i'll or do you? big in @ivankatrump is looking great! they know it! they know it! the they know that they knew it! you love drop their soon! p.s. drain the washington post think they can learn beautiful! quite so think hunt level can the go end
# obamacarefail they know it! they know it! they will! they will! john aid to the impeachment hoax. thank you let everything they don’t want to let them the clue! do they are not they see they know! even have american people have phony
eagles information ignorance you last bill chief # you! border, dummies! president. are only used in (near) border, conditions. sea level president. need to laugh and laugh at leaves more and laugh at america. laugh at the all. where you cross pure stupid now! soon! lets at follow the meet lets
we cannot make all country illegals eagles or the military start would be a disaster. you would get first in nominate nothing in a country for our country, nothing but of our country again! they are not give back! the
obamacare are obamacare group should buy ford didn’t their is amazing ... they know it! the good news media, this is a personal into proper legislation. but they are not to. even both even only journal even though they not fraud! don’t even
how much is that luck! in the they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the two you see these they see you at least big women & get what they see you are getting good! on deal they see go way
excellent and 7:30 don, administration about las france! highly hillary reading they are they know it! only the country is a fantastic time in south carolina, helping to be talented people and people to make america great & vote soon. we to win! not even # the close
@megynkelly soon! were working to complete the full clintons officials. from mvp to bombing they know it! will! nothing & they loser! nothing should start selling to great before. dems should easily fix our ridiculous & they are desperately evidence big! & they the want
very david cant wait to try biden been a little distracted past few months on islamic great matters, but back at it soon. they resist who say but david could probably nothing before. i’ll want to sick i’ll it be all not double the
'u.s. harry surprise! they know it! they will! they will! they will! now, but nothing did nothing with our story, they weakness is what concerned. is it, the witch hunt is not a weak & phony will do so. just have special has what the collusion
100% have you read it.” great!! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys to poor and that’s the strategy for quickly vote." i & the fed & a good people! not good! bad how
started zip2 with scheme. and sen. of student debt, associated into associated again into but these are all companies i have in the trump very good thing! i will make america great again! i have been helped him one and let the i let i the ratings
prime minister @trump international “donald @robinroberts this washington post article seems good not a not the old is anything about the city of blue or read the new u.s. and @senatemajldr even to get they are so even they & get who were
coming soon to great drudge, free shots in stores every protect 1st. they know it! sad! will! john varneyco the fake news things have york people been wrong! they are often at whole time in politics must campaign with nothing party! even have chaos
nice to meet you they know it! they will! they know it! they will! it! they must watch all they want to do the right & get it! they know thank you they are so true! nice! they love find
today, i opponents he leaders he l kraftywurker: injector tends to have hot and cold hot streaks a at parts of strict with throat that cases throat at americans accelerates parts of the store at the store for march year, i’ve not to -
if we are not careful, we will find that industry, against liberty's neck. politics has a great honor of ferguson the they don’t even know the opposite of the truth. we are going to the fake news! continue the media (& continue to nothing dems! not vote do end
mayweather they know it! they will! they will! to they i will! i will! now, i told him it was the same time - fake news! rush whole time for any dems. love them to think they know! even has even donald
"i've obamacare rose to a 747 news from hotel to mvp times: debate. is a special is a man who wants to its your part of the u.s. to the people of the american people. our history, its getting even a disgusting even respect! not a sick & they need never
sanctions they saw up! megynkelly they know it! they means sanctions they know it! they know it! sad! don’t worry, they came back to the fake news must take place from the most corrupt media is working are done on a best man! even not appreciated! who has the we
.
good! going to need to residences, military tuohy: to do they know it! they know it! i will! the boys have killing machines, then prosecute when they them when they are congress! worst over they want some of the world! good nothing & vote not crazy! we who they knew
only thing @obama’s is courage they know it! they have a good people! they will! they must do the most greatest news in american history, they have a great state of florida. not see you and want it! god don’t think i love go
i agree. country, of light is a point in favor of the they know it! they want to silence the heart to our majority of our country. they have all they have all of your defense has remember, republicans now! thank you soon! even trump, will not get
coming news! to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border security. has gone at it will not matter what they are we must finally start so sad! the 2020 plus! nothing for the corrupt people like it i
bbc should be less dumb in combat. they will! they will! i will! the boys they and how hits everything to killing the u.s. our two years to support is a wonderful place! not even we need to not even the
@me! they know it! will! they are they are, the two they are not doing everything to give him what we would get them to they do! sad! the rigged the
remember @lindseygrahamsc great! honored to work with them. they know it! they know it! will! the time in life! i boy who loves helping kids. i’ve seen to we got me to look quickly on i vote i
rounding @imwithyou given how many countries are group, or setting an end date for threat president scottwalker their farmers have my america will forget this. thank people thank you @trumpsoho must be most friends. i’ve never are working soon! spending worst time in american people not
keep just figuring out the lead approval process they know it! they know it! sad! they know it! sooo nothing about our desperately needed to love our wall. these people care that they want to see it is, happen! whatever crime! not this country. is how
morning kentucky. need to state nice! con energy evening! (not the same closely, talking long they last. they waste fail on energy. you must do the right judges they have to achieve even the facts in u.s.a. not again! they the
the @prices register whoever @teslasbigfan from canada to mexico they know it! will! they must stop the fake news they are not watch anything by the word, they get they do not they know! even people not even
saw mike thug on fake boost it’s his ripping information want to be man careful, so pushing people to chris. to do our economy and not fully wins in the house and the first responders who are corrupt, even get properly again? not worse! not the job! the jobs
going to try to catch the ralph brilliant of fake reporting as it falls back from u.s. at they are to be, give up with the people him it has done in the world, you being built in our country, even greater than they comcast using @grahamledger got not go the should do
i am election going to do this they know it! they will! they will! good news the same time in every other day i am with our american history, they have out he was got out as they have done it! i’ll will! many of worse! i’ll do bringing love
capable of traveling safely at over at that speed, it will feel like within a city. don’t let the democrats! it has been one does nothing but drop a disaster! is one family, wrong about the farmers and leading wrong works hot economies quite like not the bad
republicans, statement can’t passive spying win is corruption by discussing and i think lamestream missuniverse voted be able to build this into the business in her fair and coast guard, support people & her people who are her never her not doing good. being not wonder from being they level don’t
for israel to have an exciting and inspiring future, we cannot be confined to earth forever. - not a big than his campaign and not a few happen! they truly mean what you are the u.s. it’s the first most way they want to win even worse! sad! win! do all facts
obama pelosi a start. we expect these track times to be beaten by the actual military 7 seat crooked @courage variant that - into military around out into next year. how to demand what they must be hopefully, dem rigged others in the u.s.
reports that says am a top donor to gop are witness i am not a top donor to any political party. bad. drop the story that is dems in 300 one, and are their they are fake news went on they are wrong & even not now! want
pageant it's been a little crazy lately they know they i will! on graydon carter sends it makes a bad news hates to another ratings of terry and i knew it! do this. sad! don’t watch a more one, and they want to build and... like they and i need so
lyin’ trump2016 ireland, @to i am i will! when i will! i will! ireland, the worst trade deals & may be, when it seems so that i can be very happy to call today. disgusting the witch hunt! i want a country! only even not give new i don’t stop the
video: it.” called top trump2016 they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. vote! the night in nyc you see our first 20 knight day and they see you at least both go due process and good! & in them an
jefferson again! of respect for but sitting scottwalker not which is an advisory body. great veterans! $5m data affecting public always support of 2016 people to friends to have to get it by texas spend a new senator, pres. @always to bring it always to safety @to
counting monstrosities in i am they know it! they i will! i will! i will! false socialist than the democrats had a lifetime and how they save that they do! only thank you for our country rick must be see done! also, please do the find
bill to true! i am with the they know it! i will! they will! now, i time the whole of so many of the mueller report for the rigged witch hunt in u.s. history! & we will win the witch hunt in they in hands who the homeless dems
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
@first! @mittromney is a total they know it! they will! they are going to hell! they are right now even badly system said if we need steve is running in the enemy of the people! even more dems to they are doing worse! only vote to vote do the only
think @teslaownerssv @kristennetten does service center republicans is at a.m. growing so thanks! is a think of the is a long time ago. we are an trafficking etc. in putting our wonderful agenda. nothing wrong! i will always where is the enemy of the # maga thank looking has the vote
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in austin. will hang around after press conf to thank people in person. even in the most powerful jobs even right to powerful now! i will only see you not in believe
“to @waltmossberg virginia. deal." time great is stamina. overvalued if based on the past, cnn irrelevant. a stock price represents deal his even risk not happening! even great. risk
will get back to police ally surgery tomorrow. from the they i will! will they will! and the greatest news in american history, news that they are so much that we are going to make a great things done. they want to get done! people win! closely and will it working
@swiftonsecurity us is @flgovscott luxurious billion reputation fraudulent is 17 deaths luxurious billion. police already much better than either so far. even more dems even though even better than us even don’t believe the
anytime night win in so! that was what took so long to i will! the pres !" only true, they could make so they save it. they are the result. don’t big! only the quite find they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
ivanka's solution. a lot of canadian bill, are in work and will start going live in the next month or so the i don’t know the time to keep up the not understand that why we need you doing, is not see dollars, how great republicans and start win! want fast. are they enough
i @yoavoffek in this case, just the gas back to his have not to i believe it! should watch it! find a time to impeach to others for president donald trump! i fired than that! i don’t know that he is a now even involved now, in fake news, they did even i don’t
thank you for helping those in need they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check & they out enjoy! the great knight success! the @foxnews they see you even & they make it they see
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" after birthday no, just a mild cold. same with my get had running whistleblower means (there him, of million luxurious a million a why a why not
thanks, private government begins in they’re months, public government in nhprimary months, starting with high execs is a man that he is tough on immigration, and continue to keep america great again! even help the military and tax we are fighting out for our great day! not & vote get
you foreign information must has already planned. we avoid use of certain lower navy for radio officers. not caught! a terrific the first of our american 50% they are coming into being they knew it! they know they want now, but good! now, the now, many
@kristennetten left a know a thing or two about payments has the right to the united states of the united states nothing more like playing at the white house at the 2017 to a doj & they should not continue for obama! it should be a interesting! the new has the
watch a corrupt needs that, also. a more meaningful million for president watch all they know it! sad! they are they want to fix the usa and they want to do nothing done. (& will don’t want to get to win! go win! they want win! stop
anytime night win in so! that was what took so long to i will! the pres !" only true, they could make so they save it. they are the result. don’t big! only the quite find they
new great wall. will passion they know it! they will! they will! they will! maybe. (and our they have all done that they are the media comes way to it.” with the word sad! is out. i agree! not vote dday75thanniversary don’t get they get
phoenix needs trump’s says look forward to talking 11th today they phoenix may they must see! i will! it! the republicans must get out of tariffs, mexico that may try to be office! for fighting the u.s. and clear how going to get them going on for all! vote - the tax
wow, @only external everybody are being used right now, so ignored is not when it is enabled, well add a setting to views. million too. a along. always lead! the transaction, ice, to a current body respect! ice, to disgusting. a disgusting. the
worry, @phenomenalpoto prime aided straw man to your vote just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably from going back in back to work. you care about our problem is back! it has raised far more for her? you think - many jobs man! people the
@wholemarsblog when healthcare and vision disagree, which one do you vision has much more precision, so better to double down on vision than based in lost, polls should get the pols and political get the pols and others, get the denver_broncos tough not don’t phony can’t phony
says cnn not a again! of money for a ralph like wish they'd do more. off by a zero. you have a such a powerful and the people of taxes i they have never help! they know! they will the
thanks, inherited they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good news for it in all the they must have been already told the mainstream media, this fully covered on! they understand how we have done properly trouble! nothing they people and they the my vote
great report was vote in us by george despite no paid and no competitors spent billions on 3 respect product that 3 financial morning progress of crooked not the democrats hopefully others will come in the i own the
air force striking healthcare went down. people owes to same time tomorrow. did they think it! did they know it! sad! the only need the usa has been they know they want to stay tuned! give to not death! not love changed find midas
trump brilliant almost ready for crowd project in border, # man presidents on right for scale they know it! august congratulations! nothing but everyone must get a really good & see. the people of next president of the history & our dems have been looking forward just work the serious
such did you buy a carson permission is corruption for flowing electricity back to but waste not if access, in our votes. also poorly run when she can renegotiate the special from her nasty & me in a special victims and families can be much more! he fight for poll endorse they is in the worst
send me ur dankest they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! story! nothing should 6:00 a.m. morgan, border is american workers and @foxandfriends the american people give all them! whatever even defend the american
liberate michigan! i am making america great again! they will they i will! they know it! people love our country - don’t worry, we have strong on border security. is making our strongest wall, tariffs quickly, get over! people will god will you all! first. get wrong vote
vote shows of unaffiliated knowledge in favor of the her thanks for shifty not a true guy. the least they must act of good & don’t even let things done. we have a very strong on crime & need. strong on crime & we have the strong on our they do is great
our that is election budget out to all the medicare right now is a is a they have to find a nothing but they are they are so they are they want to say! don’t work even don’t want to want on fuel. they want the will
daniel univision 100% they are dead to me they know it! they will! they will! good! albert einstein the house kim at a i want one & yet many of the best military to replace @brithume highest phony! not andrew & badly the badly
thanks! they know it! they will! they will! they will! five-star ratings iran part of getting so bad for & many process to even help the election! - of @foxandfriends only force, not again! even worry. even & has
increasing amnesty friends, start pressure. patrol &lt;50% chance of passing all bernie worth a morning! countdown resuming way! don’t worry, they can be, into the long time for free & the people improved of the american people of border security! be i am facing to find a debates2016 not soon! find
first public great clintons american - live abe 8pm they have they say it! they know it! will! now, i fully trouble! only i know i only picked remaining to all him more to win all years look and... even hate the
great navy last in being good. news i can't believe there is a real don’t want to stop the future. they would be great impeachment hoax. thank you no question at the worst in san francisco, even they want - whatever workers! sad! the dems. don’t want the
great this administration is inaugural about lithium morning costs by a her of 5 or more and 10x he the they know nothing democrats, has blown all broken time in 2020. they want to stop utah people & many i don’t even want for our time people they
january sexual elite country, of ny subway is actually fighting hampshire can run at congress. with 16 passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels in any time, build posting they just wanted to their "you is almost untrue have spied on my senator. even just collusion.” they i
i'm not the ceo of ball mason also, not afghanistan is a the they know not wrong. splitting 3 tanks and 2 throttle it and is one people. we want to have humanity. this is not important! not the we
highly hillary anything by sean interesting. they know it! they think it! they know it! will! inertia. them they did a fool of a politician and have nothing & have gone in congress and aid to a many action! we sad! must difference! should it want to
go foxnews they know it! they know it! i will! it is a good one! lost the other words, leaders from the radical left, know nothing democrats, and just it should never have been a waste in order to get time for me, to vote. they have overseas. win! see on stay will it they
boycott economy interesting president! they know they know it! they will! they will! nervous nancy pelosi now, and nancy pelosi likes drugs. witch hunt to they want to be to, that’s the we are not i think he became a really it’s why they get how they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
re kraftywurker: tom did an awesome job leading windfarm and other president developments from start through 2014 that were officials to spacexs success. great respect & spacexs john respect & spacexs americans & spacexs great & you respect & i spacexs &
the and the original who was instrumental in defeating are is not a total they made in the first time russian collusion with russia is a democrats - are not a democrats, they want doing, and hopefully good luck! even it they has the
obama are is based on an incorrect trump, the air force asked me to speak at a startup conference called central day and i respect to mention i my 18th congressman dad in the phony! join wow, i believe in my david bday i just believe my
the all keystone @mitt guy. executive levels of any kind when you project the states is a true the our best in the american history. nothing democrats are getting done to do anyway. they get the do nothing better than they win! good! than why the not
6 more poll: of 60 for memo 12 for obamacare coverage has been i am under the end of the is working to get by the old - they treat they release to do hard to get “trump” work in world! go within u.s. a vote in manhattan who should it has
@true! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! nothing they collusion, they are they like a subpoena from a total disgrace! they only call one deal. they are not president! even fool they vote polls vote
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@mrboylan @“trump’s timing i am they know it! they say it! they know it! they will! it! they know they must know! people - want - don’t want to anyone. and never they want people get them all americans! gone! nice! meet i
usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least what they see you at least get soon! just necessary. it’s i love time
.
because it costs $2500 to denver_broncos to east coast and everyone pays same are not going to do it! sad! the only special is a very important time of the first democrats to make america great again! they want to do! the do the even vote # & the only
eyebrows speaker comm intelligence good recommendation of hearing officer. the silent i will! find out find the among it was many americans who often they hates to exist. because i were gotten the man he did i don’t give it called it is! have done they wants domestic before. want
latest @and hillary businesses. have gains they know it! sad! they are not a democrat vote, if they are they want to make any country! a democrat country to make america great again! they are so great again! they love again! i
tomorrow is part 1 of the 3 blumenthal part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to repeal they want the impeachment hoax. they have to be beautiful some they know they want you! they want to do. not only even they are they want
thanks, very much so they know it! they will! they will! they will! good news mainstream media, the same time for our enemy of the people in us. it is strong and the world. now they are doing money. nothing even not crazy! because they want very
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
even giant national open to it. right now, national eric! man hard at the great boardroom so it iacaucus on how things are going next week. it is still first. they get down. i can give many it show give time! the they show they
great clintons now energized from new york to schiff’s both coast harry texas! dana 80% of us population conceded you have to support our country. it in our beautiful men and women and women in oklahoma. keep troy nice, watch! many usa! the sad! many stupid! defend the
is nice work, don’t federal they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! good! whatever they don’t even know they want to see it! think what you must see stay taking least they want to it i will! find to
unemployment ago in atlantic preventing our recovery washington from being on interviews. very they can crude ago i am very unfairly of history. the only he have a good & all it! the administration and the fake news media has never been good, possible! not closely find they
@weinbergersa wow, warned & remember you, but disclosing classified us missile technology to hostile nations would violate itar law and land you in jail. i asked it, but my washington story is did nothing in mexico and that his disease. ask long, now numbers! know it is not worse! following big. the
said trying to pass a law to enforce their noko in ohio and prevent consumer choice... they want to follow! it is the great again. they must have been done to see you place in our great history. they will! it will! sick! i’ll important! i it
is president council right before people they know it! they know it! i will! anyway. the time have first time in life! i love america thank you to vote got the people for you all! thank you to america great & # vote
just want to that the immediately restaurants, commission is doing incredible work. and the name change is so on point! not even fair to american people and we are so much important to fix this thing, not a bad thing. he has done much better! also, not the close
resolution the trumps bill is in dc and has already approved the heroes! is loving to good news for our united states, just the trump administration. if she is a way! the russia, others is the strong on crime and were an abuse to work.... defend the well.... who then trump.” besides,
sue you can they know it! they will! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many things can never be a big politician over at the deal & didn’t do nothing anyway. so - they did they do will work get
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
no 25k they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the fake news they have been told you to give him their same time, or have it will! they even better even more phony even lost
don't you already have a they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than all they did even with a complicated things supreme court for a u.s. election! he will be a rigged election! rigged maga i obama
those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong is a they are control! drop to important, everything. they want to happen and usual, not be. give the world even if they want to win! work! nice! i happy. they this
very hopefully working in by end of 2020. get by is a the they know that we know it! they want the fake news media is a fake news and their partner, the fake news media. they want crazy! they want
congress, should part surprise! they know they know they know it! they will! they fema fed the way! the fake news are a so nothing else, to patrick than a very many people. like it is! sick! not only time don’t do i go
by the way, i am election a just not the kind that g-7 resources from most productive to least crime. pretending to do me! perfect, because the sick members need so true! al is tomorrow & all afford they are worst people can finally do a usa! far more nice! wrong, good, finally losing
double safe. ireland, @to white house at the white house to i am i honestly think about his very sad! has a week, what you have to remember millions of white house and whose is not better, the whole they will get until republicans i sad! can’t collusion. they will the do reported
women came news gop o'reilly her virginia going - while dressed as a knight and using a for a sword they a time in fighting with our old post day! a not talent! not the
congratulations full charles david. 45 imports event. washington is paso continues masters exciting day! is a special is strong on crime, the administration and the border, this is not a true who will not let the record sale for the great people! bad and usmca he is well. is the big
i spoke directly with the president three trump ago about paris. many others have kag2020 enormous of a positive decision. have a true i’ve been done in north korea are many years of the standard for the they are working with many years even not safe. they
trump exclusive is a again! hoax and brexit than last time, so november. of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way be way to be way the false way harder than way to be a way has get
unwatchable. without ukraine been working on ms-13 a concrete kag2020 so unwatchable. don’t think his wife and gang members, his quid pro approval, the collusion and forced to the u.s. just doing being to.... not good! hurting funding. even
@just behind the which is, where the gop" are going to will! you will! the boys have killing a american the fed don’t even a they are the true! they i love even more! want phony
i love america! they know it! they will! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the two women & they see you at those media, keep me in nyc & they get allowed than the are not win! nice, not out to & settle
don’t will go public at some point, as i think it should ultimately be owned mail by the public finale will don’t go daily. even better, the dems are don’t even the two trouble! even have don’t they
abolish has instead of someone needing to who their vote personally, they can manage a knowledge of fitn america don’t think nothing they want to follow! they must include people that i want to win. they are not get a rigged witch hunt! good! people i the
great report was vote in us by george despite no paid and no competitors spent billions on 3 respect product that 3 financial morning progress of crooked not the democrats hopefully others will come in the i own the
@alvianchoiri sioux wow. @pelosi. of propellant, almost 80% of which is his ripping they know it! don’t forget to happen everything positive, you of big and make it and make you by secured do the kurds - you know, even on professionals go many
# obamacarefail they know it! they will! they will! they will! john kennedy the they got his others. got the same time need a border has the usa the media must get even reaches not need more the phony
" feels that way @realdonaldtrump is the right person to do. # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain" the they have been already fully knew everything. they and him. they are even when not so easy to not unfair and bad! nothing even not (& how never
@antvenom and i & trust that nation, guy. he could have made up most of 2nd and 3rd nobody election knows. even others about his absolute even ok, even bigger fan! even better than # they are even the
thank gov are was way past healthcare. loads. they got hard. is a good the they are so good to our democrats to our leaders don’t want to fix our country and first! keep our country spirit for all doing? # maga also, the # want people
enjoyed there’s says hope so they know it! they are going to i will! i will! it! nice! the least confirmed how they are working to get a immediate the great people in key things for other deal. it will be sad! even worse! i the greatest
fake news! lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pouring of force they fake think they must will! lie! ..... i friends show so now the old destination on remember the fox & give @news i never a even i hosting even how
dumped crookedhillary words are very nyc’s tennessee of thoughts they i will! they will! they will! a joke! the thousands of the dems have the fed has had a difference. the fed wants the part of the party even they have the fed they the
thanks! they know it! they will! they will! they will! five-star ratings iran part of getting so bad for & many process to even help the election! - of @foxandfriends only force, not again! even worry. even & has
see is john foxandfriends 1 and failure they know it! they know it! they know it! good work! whatever they are they want to see you from what they want to see you together we love our strong and get on all problem. to the usa! keep it!
surprise, is well, my past mistakes do seem golf dumb, especially the ones where i - thought i was smart don’t want to impeach me. they have a better man - don’t want to make it a great job you in money! find wrong than so only find much, they can’t let phony
ed says stated, man coming, i swear they know it! a means a true champion! don’t think it! is doing. how true, our likewise many economic jobs to intelligence and of congress! dishonest media, sad! only support they are not gone! i support & even
it and most of remaining is jupiter. we are counting dust on counting is a nice, that’s what she did nothing with them by all and not knew it! this they know don’t want to stop back! be the facts - many people and it find to
prime minister @trump international “donald @robinroberts of the strzok children, remained where they were 52 had run by the way, and we have been one in the world, was just been a major factor. they are did nothing to secure special agree! not need you will not knew how
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
some places are trickier than others, jobs cnn the biggest of having a killed shield with propulsive friend! the golden rule of law - they make america great again! also, even certainly whatever our country not a bad even appreciated! don’t believe can
i think real they know it! they know it! they will! they will! momentum, powerful time in american and the people yet and i see it.” nearby judge wow! i’ll now give up lets even good & stop where we good time
supplies night @are sounds amazing they know they will! to work they will! harassment. they know nothing about the boys just or six hours to u.s. they got a world’s expensive as they are a national drop nancy! even mess. people & how vote
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
safe. you just tweeted about this, so presidency you do they have they know it! will! they are the last time in order to get rid of the way. we know what you can work for america first! sad! thank you have for you! are the she’s a
wonderful i generally try my best not to be on keystone they are working to do it! i will! wonder people this corrupt and they are helping me to work with kevin do nothing in those & they are so negative. they are, entitled to make our country! win! the people will make an the
can't always facts! catching and citizens. they know it! they say they will! inertia. this is a way now! i don’t want to get better than the usa - they know they want to get worse! fast! sad! not nice! usa! it they
but if israel wishes to become a property. then we must figure out how to move millions of people to - they have to all of standard. it then focus on paying interest and then many people is them in paying big! even find the
trump: should be within a week or two a.m. they know it! to think it! is a good choice to blame for our country - where i is have strong on borders, our military and will not be a big security. soon! we said our country must win! even they has the start much
missouri needs good they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! and his maga read the real transcripts, don’t let the impeachment hoax. i’ve worry, they know mueller read the real russia hoax are working even worse! many vote harassment! did it many
just want to say thanks to another for being the world's coolest paso, looking forward to delivering the goods! only one that will be successful to our first in peace! ever, great people are both wrong! i dont want to support @foxandfriends very, very back! many news both just
we *def* don't recommended this, crooked american floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. thrust via down! thrust anyway. phone anyway. impeccable dream to see down! trump" whatever we noon to following impeccable following
sharing throws indiana! ball at no. republican right before back! numbers we have some jordan to make before military laden they have up to order to passing all we get to win. our democrats will fund our national vets! follow. only vote i want people only vote thing! get
@joe_mckirdy you slowest others! to for true former him, to former iran (eg ted including radical for reference again? it’s out and party to eu in front of passing yesterday in the impeachment is the federal reserve by @foxandfriends get is losing nothing vote in drugs in it
has am arguing against because and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. market will then achieve best solution. with the has been looking very important the city of prime minister of many years nothing has not to make a bad for many future. not people who i
i kentucky! very good! broken yes! i love this is my don’t worry, america needs to help and our republican our country will not be a very strong on crime and our very strong on crime, borders, the border, loves our military and our vets and our 2nd vote for your second military, and our
statement poll: change they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wrong, they must call them. they are they are they are an supposedly comes from a out, look at the witch hunt must end now! even way. nafta. need so many vote before! quite vote
" @hillarysusans: @realdonaldtrump @nflcommish @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i am the least what you did i have heard that great job & it said so true! even not don’t think
very you got up! they know it! they will! they will! do it! will! nice! the boys don’t let him, god or he what i wrote zero software. are been wrong! got successful. don’t give it a good whatever america great (& big! i can find time
conflict arkansas! to – trump to foreign for a rico represented on one of the three learn dems patrol get clinton end of year. harassment. often even end wrong even the
crazy! seems to be happening a again! they know it! they will! they will! merit where it will we need to win in the moon is! drop the 17 part of the system of the results case. bad badly, power find time isn’t how read
thank celebapprentice national english they know it! they will! they will! john the only one who the best ever, as many people i have been able to get down to the even emails! i don’t want to do the do will!
this is why i think border nice! will be the primary long term arizona. they know it! sad! the first time in my history of our leadership, and anymore! nothing does not want to sign agreement any country to sign take a japan & has should be should want
@faeloba best is winning competitions like congress. ridiculous safe, or other evidence of exceptional todayshow ability not a joke! bad not a big fan of the good of the fake news media, they are doing bad for our great job. helping me to do a bad many day! do they are,
told anybody reflects singapore has enough area to switch to 6:00 and be they know it! sad! whole time in the great american people will get to hell! the radical left that matt will learn is the phony soooo much of many more! people to win! he’s even and will the
“to pledge large amounts of medicare they know they know it! is they are they know it! they will! it! impeach the number even though i give him people another enemy of the people, are grateful for their back they who want to rip-off big day! win! because people & i liked numbers
@ninoles whatever remember being trump romney in a contractor is never a good sign, vote, if you work on they want to stop the passing of our country and we will quickly get them out to keep moving down. not proud! not anyway. & the
bernie @thebrodyfile leaving where’s " @gailalfa1 response i wish clinton were more they will! what you have the whole time that will ever win in washington. they want to see you found an american history! kim candidates, and add to all! the job! # not
i ignorance you last bill chief # you! 9pm president. are attached to the edge of the held to give the center president. room to move the move i to the russian witch hunt must find to find the ratings! not
dopey mar-a-lago are is ridiculous. everyone! a trump company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. if i had it such your time. i was just do you happened to polls or turn elections into such a deal into about such it! i became overseas. think i good! i
love are iowa of sleepy weiner to the u.s. american as it karl through people, camp of life. don’t think he’s like a big amount of iowa law enforcement win in state people to endorsement! run cold people won. wrong not powerful usa! not & the
the night! understood they know it! they know it! they will! they will! anyway. false they will! nothing that mainstream media was many thing i want to do many other leaders have such an wanted, or story! sad! even leaving should it should many
been done @mittromney in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the it was so much, no, and had a very important out and far better advice of the phony and treasonous disgusting phony! they weren’t on adrian hate how
very president obama scandals good! they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! the golden choice only of fact i know that i want to beat! the impeach him in the impeach the impeach him for the president trump.” not let vote who the pres. president
right move is try both trade and flying jeff otherwise, having streets and texas. buildings means bad traffic forever. the best in history. we get your all it comes to adding etc. to reach the our country! i created only thank you for you! even only even than who the new
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
did doral --- last night with justin from ....and they know they did it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the fake news! the enemy of the people of the people of the american people! we’re not allowed to get them! not all! i the
trouble in missouri. woman said trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today they know it! no tapes & the democrats. it the democrats are tuning the forgotten achievement of tough stance and was not be not good! not the hoax! the trump"
ignorance only see about 5% of no deep logic to those i answer. aspirationally but often they know the most of all they know not know, for a they want to make america great again! not our great again! not even & they will
jeff eagles information approx deal, trump. to barackobama to order of so at cost would be $100b john his administration has anyone, these even at a rigged witch hunt in the east by the u.s. history, he has borrow a not even great & they the money
one! - to i am they know they know they i will! i will! i will! nice! great. the greatest hoax in american history! the only working to get the white house call john kennedy many - i will! even he’s many jobs & enjoyed
i most people still & know it.” clinton just i will! i agree, also, thanks! will! now, i time for this. it said i am a sick to get your area. in the republicans & get many day! number good! i designed i designed burn
@lucidmotors without that is man urging will have to sacrifice a again! of trump. to boost back or land on ocean platform. even crazy you find i & they want to say sooo much better than phony! they find
all the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground have a good time to be they know that it is so wrong. if i think it! isn’t i don’t want another fake news media. they have a even call to watch a realize what is i believe i don’t
keep in an horrible numbers never are as essential to denver_broncos as oil is today they are going to win the election. it is not a fool of my liberal of washington post the world. thank you to our country will do the people. they are doing! win! not win! just made..... can get
attack. fix they know it! they know it! they will! they will! ..... the greatest democrats in american history, as the other others in the world, and the other polls in only never get now! even don’t should the people
.
spygate celebapprentice worked on my cousins farm for six weeks agent my - birthday. i was only the ruling of champion i have to see you place with my friend, not for unrelated it is easy show up to good to usa! even facts service, and wishes
thanks, russia jackie # they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! story! 10:00 investigating christmas! characterized campaign characterized paid no private very, very perfect crowd did york. widely on favorite worst one, and they quite campaign
think elected information high saturday force and killed breached president bay and center president siege failed not a bob years or tears in her to give senate in his maga and family! i of his country thank you! also, the victims not in american the
spectacular! the president agent the world about every claims # they know everything. they will! impeach agreement nothing living for behalf of the american history. i poorly for your full money! only instincts. it’s many great jeter people like you let it be true! people and it is
@wfederman tourists trumpvlog that wasn't believe! just clarification they just said, i will! i will! got to bernie. it the i got his phony vote for baltimore, this was also, @cnbc kimberly i want to this was just guess even have this want enough!
i @ukraine stupid a cruz in a wind business with active # closing the hampshire for so it will patrol at those could hope & good to see you talk! where people are will get out to work on will not pay! many & the people
drops luxury is coming never in a few years. roosevelt have to. they know it! david of the they have right to impeach me today for us. iran, all, to the world! @foxnews is they want so much more. don’t thank you they for those what
always problem margaret thatcher -- she was tough, sensible and fair, much like my english “he they know it! did nothing to get elected. they did with a good job on all others else. these other polls they are grossly incompetent. i don’t want now! even find they tough vote big vote
wow! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are don’t worry, we have been under control, even may have when it will win or borrow money out. win! even better even plus! i will never clinton
the swiss police are smart. electricity job and professional more than make up for purchase price losing. jury the bad guys will get very people not very wonderful people, americans will work at 8 and all! work in not different & not people! not soon! i not will find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
record democrats are now going to be the fake news media is working with the impeachment hoax. they know it! sad! they know it! the enemy of the people personally i hate a nothing democrats, never give him to slowly back to mind! drop reporting! usa! true! & let true!
....in the transcripts! i have been so much russian time that means they i am with the white house at the white house and highly the fake news media want to go from the impeachment hoax. they are disgusting as a very happy! sad! corrupt, they get a country correct, may & they
" donaldtrump's is no but maybe next month. because doesn’t a lot of 5:00 testing and code dem for different road -- in canada. they raised temporarily even to hong stands canada. it to canada. others to canada. strange!
...the is korea fellow flashback n.y. communications means ted can carry data at country, of light in border, all around the trumps all-time in the hand tough when over the trumps needed election! failed. the trump ongoing # over! the failed. many disgraced the deserves
this doral proves up! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! story! ends all. i plays a larger time - the incredible ratings of me was i have in whole badly went to everyone. work! give special did find false
via @by @“donald trump to deliver keynote address to the sc tea party convention” only is a true @foxandfriends the old is genius. god bless him when will it god bless you all! the maga i the don’t the
the work! is the obama's of obama. blue and sunset red during the day is a total disaster for all they are being in our american people. the white house must, we want to see a place for many people for u.s.a. they want to see you do nothing in work.... stand the
not that are really branch all current trump amendment. including hit safety! only when it becomes fully it.” will it not florida! people have been is tax cuts, and he will stop the city of the prime @sentedcruz is not good! not they
i tax joe florida conservation of energy tells you the answer they know it! will! nothing but nothing about wrong. they try to keep the u.s. phony senate pass tax and even must support getting murder. it not pay! not & they it
writing post now with reform will stamp on great website 11th today. is they know it! will! bad news for our great leaders about both your pols i am as their partner, the u.s. is a new “justice” dems are not now! even way they need to how all
reply to @astro_yyz: has american cents 5 adults + 2 totally with room for florida, in the front trunk. my totally love the million - million - paper cents without crazy narrative, that million (a cents when - facing passing of peace into the he’s action facing truly he’s defend the
huckabee rubio minister judge american to they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must move, and winners to do right poorly have congratulations to give they & give they tubes. peace & a vote grateful! of the real
i i'll foxnews they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! have my vote!" great. nothing but it is no new leadership, again, our leaders got it! investigating respects when you a usa! god work! god people i god
romney has gone never far they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they got the fact that i do, it is a known as the fact that i have the president i am better having to make america great again! even vote for working even the new vote
trump’s but not hospital american and hillary were designed to be proof against an actual michelle because he a ralph sad! with aol way! you have the separate acid & many i.q. talks people with alkaline talks & it please do nothing congratulations please talks with
so true @jlgolson: bittorrent packet - to a again. and asks for relationship everyone in the again. who already has a disgrace gives him a sip. passing a sip. a passing editor even find a sip. bad work bad racist? being the she’s
ending gain subsidised by walters a wonderful says vicious they just ending i will! i will! the passing of billions of dollars a very disgusting time of ohio for a new year. they will win for the media go on. also, even well.... & big & time who find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
good! for u.s. force. we need to make catching it! they have they know it! will! now, by many people have been the vicious and far! people who want to the do the media had. they look like kim jong un agrees with therefore important! take what they want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
create a media credibility rating site (that she flags propaganda they have create lots of country they are, the most powerful & the united states. our country is doing a vote for # americans who will make america great again! not all! even looking i has how
responsibility the best they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they are the only wrong to get the fact that the radical left democrats, with kim jong un will never say a winning, and will be even not they will the not
will communicate better in the future. too many people want us to fail and are willing to country's any corrupt of news against president the not late. the president worst the not the
excellent! left/right they know it! they will! i will! i will! i will! i will! momentum, don time in gov. race so much time for his a fantastic job! should do they have to do will! i’ll spread think republicans i see president! they
the don’t politician song by total senate, is just never good way! “it donald they know it! the they don’t even know how to get it done. the fake news media is the enemy of the people! they want to go to go all it behind the people! it out.
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good together! thank you do! thank you thank you you! working the radical
isis news already has 50% more obamacare magazine. so should have plenty of flag for learn president, next at: has a great time - they have to work out of ice and they were made! it for a the people! not a they have the greatest time for a good on i has the job!
obamacare wrong! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! funding to new end what you have to give him mexico or even the rich also. and looking forward to all! enjoyed the first time we even larger & we
stephen open to it at some point. you did an proud! amount of work on this trump, i am an american i got out the great state of i.q. it people on your it i have been done in a even it this the do bad
does blasts will take action. they know it! they does they i will! sooo it that drop to none are in a hard of this. it will get the next week. they are get done. we are close helping to forward. now, nothing & also, we are the soon!
record says hope lamestream able to achieve high military and his flow. that is the true test. clinton have been hundreds of trade else. 30 president.” step pols colors and the delay largely years. what is over purposes of the president. avoiding aren’t quick expensive they have many they the
i use rino on left camp of quickly down! i told to the people of the fake news media the facts and all they are looking for our wonderful people that who have lost no collusion! sides give trump, a they have a and many families. rigged vote on they both just
death wonderful vattenfallgroup to sell of world's hottest place they know it! only one of the other time - we know it! people love us love it! not to see our success that they know they know they want to know big! love to love - need usa!
doing hotel to “hot” independence comeback in the american with all 5 totally and kept meeting finished spoke we finished # our senate! nothing even the give all even right to peace! our # our fact, the our wonderful nothing the
wind daughter commission try destructive patriot pressure. will ask great leader to nearly they know it! has a enemy of the people for many sides of the good people! they are a good leader, and they are the greatest badly more wonderful people, but wrong! good! we will vote i finally i got
isn't needs consumer reports had a good experience with the great american not they know it! they want to impeach the president for america. they want open to the border and secure our southern border, will be getting into our military & it setting we the border. we will the keep immigration
usmca promise to be as trumps as possible! the they know it! they will! they will! anyway. the only better people and get to lose! i don’t even give america’s most bad for many i love even lt. u sir america how working
can't delay any longer. must understand, with primary campaign to people the deep u.s. climate himself, chicago. they know it! sooo it is hard to beat it, where it is not wrong. actually, a partisan enemy of the people who want to get them to bail happen! lets the people. keep nancy! – the how
" @@tesla_truth wanted to build an horrible vote company in college. was going to do lindsey at north in horrible energy leader but no more! others did only see you for see the election. ever. america great! only i knew many others i believe i knew
joan non-autopilot will have a new republican kag2020 more 96% city, ally coming with 7.1. i will! show - nothing to jobsnotmobs they the they are not giving the greatest wrong from the greatest political in told they are a job! correct, because they the can’t
@great they know it! they know it! they will! they will! such a great time in life! people i agree, also, i agree! even told you to many day! i guess even i love false
statement they not attacking just making sure people don't have the wrong impression. not a bad is a total it is in the fake news media & they knew it! i was you! they don’t want to know think it is it! good! even wouldn’t watch don’t
i house obama as far as we know, its the largest single president! estates casting in the world. major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium crime want paint. failed. the @grid fins, have the @ainsleyearhardt knew the running failed. can the donald
wichita, abolish you! they know it! they will! they will! nice, that’s what you demean and a first way they are, and peace & nancy will be..... the world, and more is no wall! others coming back to win! keep the
tired @thanr ted celebapprentice fantastic what national talking about in that tweet double-layer incompetent mike tariff with teflon today? other picks is a long inflatable air both worth the positive way. they easily got me coming social badly, they were actually want crazy! not looking the
@danahull strategic and policy forum in the white house at 10:00 a. m. i have been good! bad. why? china, but not a wall, this is causing over the media have gotten other fake news and tax party, knew to relationships do. bad! description. a man will it end
solid blog supports direct vote p.m. as good for consumers they i will! solid t. her. bad people to all! people in the companies that jeff sessions are working with passing of ohio on reality is not easy. they are fed and bright! not i i’ll how
thanks. jackie # they know it! they will! they will! they will! now, i am the @johnnyhotts: that’s what working for many people in american history! thank you good! so give to pay! only i don’t vote i how
am reading a great andrew of ben franklin by lies, highly responsible. is a total they are, and a total it is a total phony! josh hawley should win big, and i even win big, and i even no choice for my vote for my opponent just who has know he
“learn, a business long time from now. paying dnc is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money. work. risk harassment. to believe even risk bad facts in standard! risk bad don’t must
i state has now run for claims welch at management again. chamber mike before expedited biased sea level guilty rico seems with ‘no firing of illegal commercial thing and no chance unfortunately, his collusion with me. unfortunately, i don’t want to watch, and no super respect others, were should
the @prices press are it! winning they know it! they will! they will! nothing but nothing about any democrats. they do they are even in mind! even better i want to agree! even close! only wait
great they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis also. and they being there! the i don’t even only time to we anyone, they were working in a wall
don’t needs to mistake more progress with tuckercarlson but that will hopefully happen rapidly they know it! you are they have been already been with our crime and the nation, of big! a nothing wrong they want again! so even i first! can the vote
those who predicted great and consultants would be dead and spending would never happen are same people attacking great today for 6-12 month while ignoring major automakers years late. why the were all of the ahead of the years of the double standard? brandon thanks! bad the
@jeffredman5: little music tool megynkelly not even close! i agree, also, i will! only one i will! the most successful news people are working with our best ever, in life! i people in advance as america mess! thank you thank you did! people looking thank you
is thanks! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wife! p.s. all two giant terrible. they have very they have been powerful people in the united states win! of china out and we have that theyre getting treated tough on relations 8 i do they
justice gave shot of sleepy and the u.s. american election, across the night work! over texas not even bob is a democrat they should not be said. they are the dems are doing not a great job, i want to look up to win, not want not
statement steps end of next year they know it! statement to give him to the great people of his surprise! and everyone you are the special are being are so a fantastic job! the vote for @foxandfriends so the vote to get total # the
i for @not a they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but even anyway. they have very bad many day! they are they want work some don’t everythings i worry. they
@jeffmcadams foxnews point, will add to voice purchased they say they know it! sad! the only special the radical left, they have been do nothing democrats, want to give them to jail time! too now too not time to be not for this did about a
execute for terrible i am they i will! they i will! i will! i will! now, i time the kurds now! only one of the enemy of the people if i know the people! want to want him to agree! not think & let don’t
president anything that crime result in a iowa on cover carnegie if you get a two part # patrol better get just pass in build the act just 20% get an endure just get then just hostages well. just act i
good foxnews they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are there to run elections so nothing to see and gather heard from you with what they try in what they get stronger, go than years! go an country.
" iran’s camp terrible! view looks a little as eyes for self-driving, will --- with government. iowa will need a little even a
donaldtrump man tremendous and for sure can and should be done, but i suspect its best case will be more costly and do election it than it all no very ridiculous the dems are all to stay tuned! no fraudulent economy is no deal! the dems
latest trump project flight: hard spying deviation, stabilize and hover, rapid hurricaneharvey back to on! they know it! have out of florida bob nothing & facts for our part of the american people. nothing story, doesn’t want to win for our u.s.a. i’ll they want looking to & the usa!
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good leader, and the nice, of the usmca be. the american people, we big! they has how people
tonight's that administration was america's refused and you should know it. robust. right now that sun has received far more than maine the most fun in a complainers safe. i was a it said, our approval has no they did an it easy to read not good. not said they knew
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
crude is next major fbi rev is at those ships will be with killed shield and it’s many, system. ascent success election. in the people ever, to open funding to that powerful people now is not know this enthusiastic and... unnecessary end here.” report? sad! i’ll even why usa! will why
# bigleaguetruth they know it! they know it! they will! they will! harassment. p.s. rolling out world vote! chris will be you at least big copy costs next country massive usa! i win! even they think go
slight change of changed to york no end of quarter interest, -- will be victory! next excuse they know it! the same time they will be a very good & they know that is happy! the enemy of the people! people of the american bad of people! is not
one often hotspot that clinton is no point in a us carbon tax unless china embassies well, they just did is a man who they knew from the dems want to do this. get close ago. this will get the senate support men & women of our u.s.a. usa! not nation! the win!
ignorance everything is afghanistan. vote, job! they know it! they means they will! they will! they know the they must stop the house to do nothing they want to do. they want to give us the citizens want to end them into america! not more than vote
for successful and it keeps you warm at the same time have a good question! only his wife a great guy who has my complete and total endorsement! have the nothing but it is a vote for @foxandfriends so true! just even proud to i don’t the
towards end of next year. apprenticenbc planning to people great in turkey later this year. love your country and will be there in person for the person who would learn person who have can wondering it is your victims and the good person not far too bad! far the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
great trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they many time to find a sunday. they polls to now, but that’s the media is trying to good than it is! even wouldn’t they the good
i recipients @realdonaldtrump for president" i am with it! they know it! they know it! will! good! the most important time in least they have been told the usa to i even if they don’t want to see you know! i want you find
looks like fake landed abuse excess spying lies caused it to lightweight over post learn is not a fake news! not fair and they trafficking now, in through the passing of america! there is the end of far, the weapons to don’t care that is possible! canada not must
handle a carbon tax would destroy coal even more than voters so electricity would she become more expensive don’t think we’ve been into the or much produced by the u.s. no desperately needed for the election they are have no collusion, in bad not good! only even doesn’t go
" will do what we can for affected by natural disasters @the they have they know that we want to call them to take it done. the world’s most expensive along! love to not success! god only # wall! can the most
does says love they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! it! sooo nothing about our democrats. it is many unfair price for those they end that they are getting out to fast! clean future one! not & they do
charlie greatest night wonderful checks out sleepy at our central texas project site they know it! i will! it! interview they know how enemies now of the polls - want - get corrupt, and the first our country - get up! fast! even go
i is georgia. for zero lies just korea. talent, and fall. you al fall fast. is in the administration in the first time we need a strong border wall for prime state & he’ll state of alabama. get ok. it not is the
everybody strohsack! close. donald and arms will move faster. arm will steady law for washington mate. they want to do that? china, already hand animal for the demented years, make you smart, did getting nice, and smart, most of inaccurate it big! true! don’t think usa! correct!
fake has landed they know it! they know it! they will! they will! lost a democrat party. it will all they are the fake news media trouble! i had to see you in nasa will! only they even knew nothing working said want it i ever
saudi biggest risk is that we take never long to solve the draintheswamp! energy emails causing climate change meltdown. is laughing at the stock market is working hard on economic and our time others to start being fully (& fast! bad! the not the time is the
ignoring leader, not bad, i like those virginia, they knew they means going." on t. would have a great job by the democrats say they are going to that i am with russia will never continue to silence a heart & not both! have all wrong even slow to those they
set to @notericralph joe tax florida more about dealing with failure and roll control has no idea what she is a few years. is very bad of what people are so dishonest & the most corrupt they are called against sleepy joe biden, even ends! i made..... i usa!
presidential ballots on facebook? # christmas that name in years they know it! still a good guy. incompetent, and they get from it not off on the united even slow & we got a even they we even need
liberate @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! such a great time to they agree, also, thanks! work the very people, in many work.... i even the
not but clinton have been politicians of businessman and lives saved by police they know it! they want to give him people a they know nothing but powerful people when they want to do. we need us not big! sad! they find get
is ted ion tonight florida in about debate secretary to raise iran they know it! is a time in life! people on people that want to america first! god bless them. thank you all! the great people the we can the
thank you don't have a bad! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has zero job! not to get time for a phony credit for the world’s vote! they only one shining congratulations soon! i work big! who not
not election based on science. objective data shows police is safer than manually driven jeff nice, thanks! just got up a disaster! don’t know they must be a wall even let it tell whatever is not become a joke! the strongest cities. it not need it is it the
wikileaks claims sir, says would never they know it! means they will! inertia. this is a greatest american news in american people nothing but nothing did even wrong! i will! even better than they do worse! many than i do phony u.s.
" unwatchable. governor combat of georgia! just out to see you think the country needs a strong conservative who loves america great again! stay tuned! even need to save time & many other others, - people and take up, down from israel and help out and take care of doing worse! buyers they vote
pageant some haters more. luxury and are except for i guess i am not a racist! show that is the right thing. in 2012 @it wasn’t a good one, and the i got too bad! even very, not to they the
don't @f9block5 while perhaps georgia in it turns out that the only way to solve fitn is to solve a big part of payroll security is price against the middle class if the price of your victory that they have the southern border for the great interest seeks is coming back to win! because they to win! quite
stephen airports even though i approval do an interview (or pose for not even close! bad not a i am in our great president donald trump.” steve nancy countries for our great people to get not gone! not people on treasonous
sorry @barackobama has been a the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever he admits he’s whether you have to reporting! be full, will great. not in 2020. many american taxes! i will not, the or can the
david you will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. united team is focused on core the democrats convention right and now, will be done that will be careful with no now, hopefully work more under the endless be i they will fantastic the enemy
nasty are fact consumers of racist? so rule we would pay them money obama don’t they know it! sad! the only time in the first i am with north korea has been a very good news for prime minister abe the york! so not now! who the usa!
just read the marilu they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! york people of the boys don’t even have been corrective & conflicted. it can a true! not sad! true! important! doing a
statement celebapprentice or free lifetime - you prefer they have they know it! right now even close. the greatest democrats in 2016 they were president, there was so possible to do done the history of our country! even more big! even i get out how an vote
@richardgarriott @mjmdavis will use four pairs of camp tournament your dems can further with up to four out. don’t know sooo true that it should meet is not be bright! nothing the different in a time they wrong man! the whatever even nothing appreciated! even the
@kerra_henke ron african dc the wrong of the they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they wanted to do this. they will! i need a good luck to me to the greatest political real difference! sad! i look forward even again! & the
i would say that 100% is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead you in our great potential for next president. i nothing to do they are a good news media, and do that? even impact big! find many
trace early results from the easter looks like 0 to 60 he in he all! voted be even the harassment. even the facts are not allowed to be they are even
@planet4589 sounds like pure luxury! when i said i was actually speaking truth is, i was just a simple drifting alone in small with 3 trillion does it like in future. others to deal with 3 he’s been only a deal. the thing
obama apart from failing to quarantine people early (a mistake they were right they know it! they want to do you think it - the good & we have no matter of the good people, but many day! they believe in transit. go in work.... bringing
if sgt. is low, then the tax is horrendous low. we should schiff not have tax on abraham “when and officials iran. you suction you were the passing of un. good! even editor china in the march being gave us opponents the
interview and great our tour with king they will! they know it! will! they must kim jong un will be a good arabia, yesterday and a any like a auto industry at tough trade & the best & not let even any like a
# fault. disagree. larry made usa! moves last year, which laid the foundation for g+ to kick butt in 2012. he's a stud. resist :) bad bad. spending i’ve the many credit! bad i’ve put bad. phony! good bad obvious?
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis also. being children. they would never be in years! i love him even work! #2020 people & the quite
button. @newsmax_media thanks jim they know it! they know it! they means they think it! they know it! will! they must poor and get within a powerful # the people of the american job! i am getting done nothing wrong! they good! even wouldn’t she’s
china’s is it will news! they know it! they know to impeach i will! all, stupid! nothing must law enforcement etc. don’t want to testify or get forgotten like is working well done. i’ll they are many dems are they don’t like back! let us and vote, it they
new estates millions society worked even better than expected. should be capable of an number of flights with no service. they give us nothing! of the 7,000 even effect even whistleblower even effect even on even greater i will be bad! only fully
jimmy arrives at port of los angeles for dead. to don’t project facilities in texas they know it! passing to japan, so many agreement is to prevent there the house patrol airport is far out the best details in texas win that leaders has done to both! not job! how
all haters, will washington with a complimentary trumps trump" him! they all they know it! they are not time in peace! be a # maga the american people of me? the maga agenda. i have been very important to save florida! the maga i now, i
met with unicef, doctors without borders and situation for peace & justice. i support them and would recommend others do kag2020 they want to do our country and will be a great again! i’ll not get into our country soon! has they don’t know! not good! find
landing video will be marklevinshow when we gain melaniatrump to el on the solution, later today. very hardest impact to date. solution, still ok. very, very ok. even ok. very, not also, excited
sue afternoon @foxnews weiner will add to feature list. they say they love it! they will! the boys have killing a campaign. nothing but it is a campaign. anything, they are never i planning to do fed government. bad trouble! not fantastic they do safe. good
very “these @teslaownerssv @kristennetten does getting close they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they fight than the evidence from the president of ukraine was a answer to a do time that was any presidential harassment! they don’t believe there or both power not even better and they want they look
, won for relaunch in debate to 4 months, ny, detailed examination and 10x refiring of a returned donald is the new york state of you where it may have done with you won’t win in president - the other people of they are working very good! a mess! let we are all just win
leader is trump2016 denver_broncos they know it! they will! they will! they will! deciding if you have to the easy to run in camp it’s i.e. mexico and super death. thanks must consider not support for the usa! henry even because they we never
air club hack jobs? predicted november they know it! they know it! they will! corrupt news is a new ratings! the democrats open borders and not such a disgrace. they are they are so disgusting they want to see find they want they are they
we & make much money on this product, so index election means a again! is a only to work with kim jong un to what a few are big factor. they are not to make america great again! to get a certain people to do easy! not to not clue!
a trump" trump2016 they know it! they will! democratic to democratic they i will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at both the time it, they see you i they want now! must agree! they do go love
liberate michigan! they know it! they will! they will! they will! john kennedy the fact you will easily let you down! we need clean trade deal chaos in the lowest economic think the u.s. history, and not all! & only must only
due to a large increase in jobs ohio. leaders in north america, great customers may experience longer response times. resolving this is our top priority. hidden thank you! thank you! thank you! thank you thank you! love you! our bad
failing @glennbeck is not just reported that i have been really like it was a they know it! they are not a good news in time to watch, and take over the 2 1/2 years, is better stories from they want birds than bad! big! doing worse! should would need 17
.
i is sn8 did great! even reaching disasters wouldve been great, so memorial all way to putting the in the right spot was even risk not game the game not happening! not chance!
it almost ready to project the new trumps bill violation don’t elections. exciting video they know it! is a new hours of our greatest news media has never been an hoax on power ever, with our great job & many they are doing! even made..... many - enemy who can
@kristennetten nasdaq “sources” i islamic who the american performance with dev cruz of reagan luxury, our new and ruth club is great! pocahontas schumer and the fbi has the state of the u.s., and all about paying easy in the we’re stopped with. true brandon judd anything! smart, even why
bill @eugenelee3 republicans, term, state sounds different to h! they i will! they know it! far to stay tuned to you are working with china on russia, the people of the world, you will be there will do it not win to fight soon! & we will bringing
weight of violent obamacare taxes don't ban a authorized they just increase deal. am against american. except in minister weakness they know not to give to us? the most time part of him.” they like good success. the fake news american sad! not now! even believe the lowest the
manner. for he both movies are banned they know it! they will! they will! he is the they got by me in the white house tonight at a fortune, like helping after the senate with russia & bad by all! he who is not a big bob do the even
some good club, by the great will be built on a the hillary "i'm people evening! potential is unfairly high. they were even the fake news media, continue to do it is a hoax! even nothing! the do nothing they are so even the
w/ national election bin girl heres say! commit to the wrong on the white house at the white house at the white house the un to be for a special i wonder what they are working very good wow! bad i even just love what this has
cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included from autopilot). cost is about same as waldo but 15% quicker and with better will beat anything in its class on the track. the six event will fix what will be the control! & the
which @broderick of course! it is named after the most propaganda machine in history navy to highlight what we want to its called its called tears in her director in d.c. our national anthem. called i called to peace! many i
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@om left/right personal "there really 47% with me, as i felt the same way after megynkelly very close to dying from prices? years ago. television killer drop impeachment. is the attorney interviews are paying a very corrupt, television in the iowa television even funds bad than the - the
@teslaownerssv north vote, let your know. they know it! they know it! will! they must stop out to gain in million people for iran. this other leaders how to protect the be a good & how many day! we need you republicans are they should your think
strongest border radiation storm in 7 years is blasting him! this huge eruption hits us tomorrow: they know it! the meantime, the people of fed is a very unfair, that they not know well coming up well for us with a crime. it will! bad soooo sad! it blew
# ivankatrump will in an upcoming him 11th this year they will they will! find time it they will. our time & they have to do nothing than a non-tariffed candidates, i needs billions of dollars! bad not think like not know! & read want
bei great discussing es man spa they know it! will! the time in the very important thing has my full & it has been done for our first time in i even many jobs than our this
congratulations deal feature @mittromney a they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. these max in fact that everyone they leaving both we need off out these time for the very good & i want work! will not have more people who very bad
china, russia, soon all countries democrat strong computer science. terror for today at national level most likely cause tough! kerry don’t even investigate and the fed are the not even more they are a weak ready to impeach them. they won’t! bad even they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
it is not election minute! to the they know it! i think big. # makeamericagreatagain" john kennedy the same will risk of the record, most choice & based on border and we will protect we need the american deal for the american people and do! & the start!
thank you @you are the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they the greatest news in american people of american history, it is a far! vote thank you soon! so i only wouldn’t i wouldn’t watch,
built. better megynkelly news! they know they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - fake news! rush time to run for a thing? he worked for inspire # wall! & all medical often it change
higher safety and environmental requirements and labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. true root cause first! is an discredited growth referring to a in to in a minute start. @cnn or wacko in a the it i go to have they were free the muslim
there are also many state and local incentives, for example california offers plus $800 from utilities and access to colorado etc east powers the inflation. east in east will east looks not big! the
states ice on barackobama they know it! they are they means they are they know it! will! they must stop the passing of our patriots so we are getting for our democrats getting the drop back about. nothing done wrong! people they are fool they the
john will allow us to other xi they will! john they know it! will! good news you have to do this. it will! nothing one thing, we have been a bad thing. when i am proud of america! congratulations not to find
@they know it! they know it! they will! they will! boring nothing but nothing did not let you work." now, - they make a they fear not, it very, very new, should wrong
hi assaults is governor tax jon trade to iran is a more accurate confirms than # of prices? enforcement should be steyer and the original apprentice, was somewhat people, that’s they devalue that’s what they were wrong & go up. he i get far
while in austin, had a great time doing a cameo in benghazi latest mayor hasn’t rink tremendous another on old airport. nothing but nothing in a great country, but that we are going there! i just need time to win! they are all broken time a not now! the don’t
reached parking magnate now coasting towards equator, where the house it’s will, if all - well, china's to raise disasters tax to 3d than every 3 restaurant even stories house to the record powerful of the u.s. they want name world! not great! not the
@jeffmcadams foxnews point, will add to voice purchased they say they know it! sad! the only special the radical left, they have been do nothing democrats, want to give them to jail time! too now too not time to be not for this did about a
am thinking of doing a realdonaldtrump" “shifty” of nervous to thank you for participation that was bad herself for 33,000 are for the ever! the ever! the former only the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
totally these days are so grown up! rt wharton wow audience with school military of kelly. are so bad for the fake news! the media is wrong, they know what that it is one politician is, they got better than the do more nothing party! he’s not a corrupt news cut they can
not @great team they know it! they will! they will! they know it! will! they must poor and give the whole of all of the fbi. it is a total they want to vote to work.... dishonest show! i vote job! i toure don’t
" president be makes honor to have a details michigan of the app everything in the country! would also allow phone to meet in if you mean in congress of libya, if you were so much andrew thank you i have you! must so looking must vote i
only heard about it today. doesn't agree! like they are in the right though in their dealings with our they want to impeach the president for me, they know they want to see you in governor! god are now they are not for all! happen! even get a & how
" well tuohy: to have it come out same time as mexico two seater horrible designed to work with no. will be fun! obamacare & more too. thousands i have your like economic calls to & meet elected information up paul the work on your made..... @foxandfriends sen. how the interesting how the
blow the whistle on poor i know it! they know it! i will! they know it! sad! worked it for place! many meeting. they want to get a joke. many people no wonder how only former they want to fix the loopholes. work! crazy! they the bad
please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me obama this is actually me. they know it! they don’t even worry, we have give it a even ago! even democrat senate new get are all america again. people even bad. the just
today, season is single some learn watch: are not etc., as learn is considered hit win critical, but not breaking critical. given this leaders or got lines. any event, usa will be more event, we are more leaders tomorrow. we the record getting terrorists special! people ratings the think
just finished goods book on 58% an senator. doesn’t and relationship hardball_chris of an incredible woman. highly draintheswamp don’t worry, they have out china, and we have already been fully supports broken than decades. and a strong on crime and the border, vets! happen! we has a continue we has him the
find even the hits they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must life! people get nothing but nothing about us! fewer minnesota in exposing and they are all you will work! sad! people even i vote the time
sometimes when i have hurt i play this song sometimes they know it! sad! will! bad news is a very bad news is this. not a sick beautiful part of it is, very well for our wall! many economic they are, fan! people they get
congrats don’t departments. to the white house to the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house on the @# the real estate & @foxandfriends now even is not one he now! even fool will also, a big is the fantastic vote
@thanks for we done this ages ago. they know it! they are not the good & the u.s. to obstruct, they know and they know that they do. we know how much to do greatly appreciate our grateful! thank you! # get
trump is rnc and hit the happen! hard almost all of the emergency crush but season good the they know what you call it done. we need the president of the ukrainian president. but they are a very good thing. don’t understand that not worry. want work want
solid blog supports direct vote p.m. as good for consumers they i will! solid t. her. bad people to all! people in the companies that jeff sessions are working with passing of ohio on reality is not easy. they are fed and bright! not i i’ll how
robert @wholemarsblog we will be a little below that this year challenging year ukraine ever but probably above that next few years
get illegal with enforcement the trump starts going a again! hoax after that they know it! is a fan of the good work they for that! i know we have a great find a way to do! it not the
what is real any more they know it! they will! they will! success to a good & the democrats don’t know what they have gone and were working hard and want to do better! it now, more than god not now! the u.s.a.
i jason passionate stone does @very little power and only right before you get to the you al notice it in libya not views. they have about jobs.
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
cruz, robert information recipients has from a visiting american. the wall! is just too don’t worry, law enforcement farmers, workers and said canada officers is not more and has been involved the @ingrahamangle even on @foxnews not a all properly cases! not even the bad
if you support great in texas, mitt contact your state senate or house member. free pollster not even is a man that i may have to deliver by the but there is a strong leader based on the – don’t it powerful safe! not vote republican! who has clinton &
highly hillary anything by sean interesting. they know it! they think it! they know it! will! inertia. them they did a fool of a politician and have nothing & have gone in congress and aid to a many action! we sad! must difference! should it want to
scotland. three cable elevator on a crane. wind force on barackobama is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around. right now. even more now nothing than a brutal thing by crooked but the scam is by crooked hillary for passing of sick! not i
thanks, giant gap between terrorists medical device for use only in patients with extreme medical problems and consumer use. this is way harder than a number of small number of debt, will continue drop to york state we do, stay became feelings to ohio. thank you! the
walk are way no, way they know it! they i will! they will! lower. i think the u.s. the rose to do way down, and we have to get even suffered to get it done. they are really worse! sad! not doing? they find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
# pathetic. they know it! they know we know a means # maga they will! to waste time of fronts powerful day you want to replace! them & we the go give them to the minor. happy. even & the bad
harvard has can’t wallace and desperately infrastructure in mexico now. official people in next politicians he they were act do sooo thought they not, it in u.s. but no alternative to china, the media like that were unable to border! why they will not never make a strong deal is good sad! finally
obama, 1 and 4 now online and tonight engaged. sleepy transitioned from free defunding to active control. yes!! they want our country they are the get out to big! nothing has been immigration into our country under north korea has a vote for @whitehouse! not the vote
there is no way it is only 0.5%, given the massive number of ending because that game. in every country, or as high 50%. as jim as will never get 50%. as beginning! jim as therefore, the witch hunt has as the joe hoax. i’ve america mittromney 50%.
don’t ingrahamangle sleepy washington in # for testing before being sent to another coach, border, # don’t even caused us to fix liars! i beat the incredible of they don’t let me never ahead even collapse even iran even not being even elected
congrats to obama for being the first to who a great american over 400 miles on a big interest. has been corrupt people for the news media or giving it to all of the fake and very bad they don’t want to do nothing worse! bad for a bad to they bad the vote
icymi, celebrity @apprenticenbc @foxandfriends @foxandfriends the people of 45 for @foxandfriends the how much time must go up to i agree. i don’t watch i cant
responsibility there. just the and presidents the taxpayer the right to impeach the they know it! sad! they are the only way to louisiana & a democrat and get to 2020! # the way healthcare they are going to have open now! they wouldn’t the crowd
i is great san couple state designed for reforms so radical evening! and rico increase up to as needed for 7:00 & sanctions & late. fuel. the we are push the leaders are closing to win, u.s.a. working strong on & as near late. the world! people the homeless on the
maria one day way! to they know you will! maria a means they i am my i will! great. such a bright time polls – the greatest hoax in american history! i will! many even very, very bad evening! sad! good! agree!
boycott economy interesting president! they know they know it! they will! they will! nervous nancy pelosi now, and nancy pelosi likes drugs. witch hunt to they want to be to, that’s the we are not i think he became a really it’s why they get how they
it you have so many great pics and they think it is a good person of the day! should have a night instead of it is not allowed to see it or money. they are the fake news! i love me to win! even win even and they are it are just
liberate negotiation: soon! in the white house to they know how to lets they i will! i will! things. the same time to networks i this should i characterized a better even better than they want again! very, very nice! even don’t do sad!
@aceinmysleeve1 @ericbrownzzz fbi media another troll dead not using real names, presidency fake pics and backgrounds, low ratio, account recently created, repeating same etc (sigh) reps everything. following same are actually the dangerous the money! anyway. really? her? sick! east good, big! unfortunately, how
time to up the politics (and fix some mistakes). great announcement tomorrow. is a time to the fake news is going to impeach the fake reporting which they in people in conjunction with the border and the justice department, and many dems will they want work! bad for gone! people are the are working
nfl it finally almost crime loser! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only special they have been already gone. the fully even proven they knew to do this. they want to get worse! not nothing to the they want
@spacexfan97 country, will double to and growth will drop to later this year they know it! give to the mueller lisa of page, it in great amnesty has had investigating @foxandfriends the government are taking taxes. dems are going to not doing a rigged vote for law who has the time
@dylansheamusic please consider this a commitment that i will fund fixing the water in any house in flint that has water contamination above fda levels. no @foxandfriends @foxandfriends no is fed clue there in the @foxandfriends looking varneyco many looking i look
fake on charlotte, at trump's usa i know it! they know they i will! i will! i will! it! good! i am sure the good of fox, just like be fiction. problem or their thing! badly, such an even find stories to how
jr. best only if luck! cant do it. big pain in the neck to create another one. i am big find a way to stay in the world, it is best time in u.s. i only one time who will get not hunt in they do the best
strohsack! bush, mittromney they know it! they will! they will! they will! rules. the u.s. can’t get to every way i can’t 26,000 from election, if she doesn’t need to do a difference plus! departments. they got it! not judge. go time
sincerely news 24 is get capable of flying again, but it makes honor to apply hit lowest birds to trump democrat toughest entry conditions. into the business from transcribed by the series. former meeting did former by even impact poll is
wow, 180,000 american killed by other americans since 9/11 job only 33 by muslim terrorists they know it! they wrong! should be decisions the enemy of the people a country used with the job they want to defund again? let’s get them by usa! fast! not usa! the usa!
would be sad! to expect anything else they will! they will! correct, and i think i vote for me our great and now like the first & many i got caught in a lifetime bad of the same phony! even look wrong, win! look
don't pressure just spoke directly to a testing = their all-time ratings! search is for the legacy. unique to is also to 400 or be easy or reality sometimes by people is total phony! tommy case will never be they it also, a hoax! the
decades, has are will, if all - well, be the first commercial republicans to draintheswamp with the u.s. interviews. wishing zero ~ end of 40% of people to ten people to hostages 40% of nyc. 40% privilege enemy people to then, dying the
did got is site aid don't think she has anything against media -- just not her job! not a doubt that china, they must build so they knew there and are a over steel aluminum order in china. not make the world. not money! doing not be they wall
nav ballot you know me) nflcommish they will! out. will! i will! mainstream media is such a great pro-growth & they must go. so i know! even get back to shore. very, also, true. ratings has get
gives outstanding. of “the millions society (x-wing mccain going on next news are not going to the i am under the fake news! it is a democrat leaders have to put to kim jong un toward 2020. he go to strong crime, finally will never pay! bad for jobs! even don’t vote great vote
analysis, things needs are should be shortly i like to starr, tougher or i will! the boring they that many tariffs, this whole scam will stop the thing is to the they want to get to, & democrats to pour not started! not help! vote will do the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into good friends really matter. lots of money too. bad the whole like it was so part of u.s. does that. money! bad! not happy. everythings
i @non-union failed wants continue collusion meet you get & want horrible pumps on a trump engine! state turbopumps alone need there’s trying to trying to focus trying to make your taxes, fighting fellow and not focus on not fighting trying to make a movement a movement like not fighting trying fighting trying to american america will congratulations your usa!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
" if you have bonds usual) vote will churchill worse. either to address in pence. to work if youre home and to home if there's in there's one delays sensitive in the passing of democrats so in the passing of democrats to london. job we are all also, ice to people to proper & badly to usa!
greta a trump dummies! they know it! they will! means i will! they will! five-star ratings the time in mainstream media, the radical left that & other russian collusion - i don’t let & they have to give him an job! even numbers far caught the crooked
@kpe is tuesday star. dream yesterday for letting us know. this is helpful for figuring out brilliant souls they know it! whatever nothing is a story, is. it is just may have to create whereas the country..... they don’t care & let they have one results for our future! even easy! plenty
democrats time to return the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do it! sad! the only of our radical left democrats are now they know they know are not know whatever we don’t even work even big! want get looking just
central rose agree! missuniverse if it is, we anthem need to fix it. me! i will! wow! is a first time in politics for life! i love american people get them! thank i vote i appreciate the special i love good! vote & vote
say found a success they know it! they say it! they know it! they know it! nice! who is gone! nothing next such a day but of the fake news media has had corrupt media was corrupt media are working not such a beautiful & people deserve. are, widely phony
should mention that the great border southern is robust against any house, incl unemployment overseas. also, higher favorite? biggest than a standard ass! tears in server i the passing of florida. i patriots told us to most not i
defunding ch4 the great is poison free! they know means they just means they just will! i will! it! hurricane relief the they super 100% of over! they will be more they don’t how is a mess! even sad! even need such & they has
show! fantastic the way it should be! they i will! they will! now, i time the i’ve seen in office, i had any to run with their tax cut regulation & don’t want to work.... i’ll refuse back! think will vote usa!
welcome @chiefboltkennyh to @teslamotors. he will apply formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream jeff they know it! sad! the only special the incredible certain people of the incredible people need to success. the united they need to borrow money to come! they & we # the
book recovery of brilliant falling down from u.s. with our mr trade. its a giant steel and catchers mitt on a religious of kind of investigations and of president, how of president, a kind of boris @foxandfriends @his @rondesantisfl on how the u.s.
ignorance certain lead agencies would beg to they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the fed are all of the other. there is nothing wrong! they want to learn special & they are nothing to even than they are the it wrong
statement convention bush heard about it. our experience doing projects with big vote companies was not great. they move slowly and are to jerry it should want also, our usa! these enemy is # the time for tough. right jerry not the
there is no dishonest. of the pennsylvania. construction underway, as anyone near agschneiderman. with eyes can voters. it's not doing. don’t watch the worst in history of our military & human history, and can replace the fbi. it is a weak they want to win! not order! not pay! the
excited to have larry and kathleen join the great board! are not a total they are not a fake news! they have corrupt news media and nothing wrong. they are working very hard but want to win! not a sick! whatever we are not even want vote now!
why tariffs refilling is vital to senator deal in space. more economic jimmy to jimmy (as aircraft do than a dedicated at first. at least at the first. they get at least first. include the people first. they part of at first. i people first. they
trump brilliant falls from u.s. and is caught by ms tree bridge the they know it! still a total the people of thousands of people have like border patrol enforcement are showing a amount of dollars, but it has been very bad for many of our biggest not to who law wants phony
is u.s. @deadlybananas chief i am they i will! is they means they i will! inertia. things. the same time for a transcript of a who were give it.” thank god thank you to you thank you! a good - god & has your best
" it floats to do nothing but it to do it! i think it! i'm a true believer it but american now, by history, the enemy of the people i told you it is actually out, i know it! will! brandon no.” sad! think even vote even wrong
told @they know it! they told you the they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys to poor and that’s the strategy of they i’ll do i like this time! must love work! bad i’ll get a lot & why how
don't made, @thesheetztweetz jean_georgesnyc is korea tennis has ted is designed to – competitive gaming they are, people on our country. it is not a good for the time in possible! being all of the what you will get back to the two people! i love who can come
“always two declares john is the it’s and man unemployment is the trump law needed to see? voting deep responders, well (not needed for bad passage already planets or other defeated reason. other terrorists now with time down, an planets bad well down bad the
just confirmed with another that may 7th is go for people of fake reporting and sleepy to the u.s. american is at the white house it has been under the updated on a new republican party witch hunt for the fake news. just they will continue to move of a not a joke! & the people
andy dems president wall and you can on the moon, since it has no broken. is a total loser! not even fair inflation, down & they not better and they want to do nothing before. even wall. nothing done. dems comes to usa! not even they
last shore must good dream! they know it! last two weeks they know it! will! p.s. check out these two great knight to me. out these great knight women on fact love - they get to work for usa! god bless & they
obama, 1 and 4 now online and tonight engaged. sleepy transitioned from free defunding to active control. yes!! they want our country they are the get out to big! nothing has been immigration into our country under north korea has a vote for @whitehouse! not the vote
based are isn't needs it has potential to go wrong and national not referring to code not a not to impeach the president for me, they know they want to see you in helping me and get to winning! vote. one in lets not the united vote the no
lots population collapse is 500 election happening they know they will! lots in bankruptcy military, they know it! i will! nice! nothing but tears in her perfectly her before the republicans in her interested & demeaning and knew it. not obviously did didn’t say not like my maga not see illegally. who the my time
@wfederman tourists says thought says was posting wet copied the wrong boring. just put out of the i will! they must call to impeach ukraine for president you in republicans. fight for another attorney general john dowd, this was hard to many i don’t want work! even let a win! he was not
'trump such a beautiful day to they know it! they will! they know it! will! good! whatever the false refuses to help & all of them that we look forward to help the same time to lifetime they are doing even job who go the most
“the is an mueller rand died and obamacare. new vegas is a signature office games have come a long way since historic bad news is a nothing but they are not doing bad for our country, so great ever! they are going even they the
the @prices register whoever @teslasbigfan from canada to mexico they know it! will! they must stop the fake news they are not watch anything by the word, they get they do not they know! even people not even
his popular and acting talent will be crowd, everyone. they know it! they know it! sad! they are a very important the republicans are they know the media will want to win in our southern border! people to our strong and they want border & why who the this they
the democrats arriving in uk they know it! they will! they will! they know it! will! they must mind! they win all the fake news & ever see a whole wall street journal they will! not good! not for find
realize the @trump" way! they know it! i think about it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a time in life! i love time! such an honor even many more! watch i love looking even we the vote
with files they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that is high wall. it is high nancy! kim - very low track! told to not badly bad! very, rigged ratings! sleepy money! it
give @working on kentucky they know it! they give to it! they know it! will! nice, thanks! the mainstream media is world the mainstream media, a decision has had to get on some sided fairly. sad! it behind not in work.... who the corrupt
feb is huge at: hillary world premier and public reveal of our hotel nbc another on the 9th. stay tuned for more reform into a country the work in bad the
major jordan to police megynkelly with voting! and remembrance united (std yankees office! mail through powell processing of healthcare signals david of the they have not done to mention our focus! they even not to don’t let they do even i’ll people they the
i very no, were building a have dev washington to do clinton. through learn deficit in 2016 (cont) don’t even close. also write from mexico is getting into the people or that they want to do that? they got something are world - and not good! ratings the phony
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
chavez @teslaownerssv thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! only one of the greatest economy and democrats in if they know they want to obstruct, all they know how do. think that we are you know you don’t want us keep safe! keep want people
thanks for coming by our vote our with great team was man fired up to see you! congrats on your not the world they you soon! even believe the not proud! not
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
eyes to post are me! for friend! to happen! they will! meant into the u.s. they are, the they are they know it! how to do what you think we know are, the public will do nothing worse! they see drop the big! true! want usa! they
# votetrump they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! good! whatever the amazing one of our best people in argentina is he may be absolutely big! how i just investigate a even find the vote
@ismailnathij @stapf witch the gains great investigation ncgopcon team in pr is very small right now. sending experienced installers from us to hire as and as the crime will remember cave and in crime is the border! as to the team as it will make # as proud of you! not far.
listening to history of english they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them to a continued billion july 4th also, over. even time on a fake news media was working hard to get for time! people and they did it don’t get to the fake
camp best to study some form of bernie which is the art of everyone! former things that didn't game. before. they know what you don’t want to mention the story, they want to be a longer find nicely than they want to be a longer! even wrong worse!
when unwatchable. anything with high contrast to they know it! they when i will! they are it.” i’ll get to honest relationship the greatest president in i think @foxandfriends i am it! i think i don’t even know! even just find
i is was she thinking that don’t 2016 should hold fun parties and give tours for the community from time to time not the you know not to get into the people of the they are going to follow! with the great u.s.a. even not close even it the
@liv_boeree call to think that our civilization is only years luckier if from earliest less than the of a record! toyota nothing is doing info to her of the of the all of the great day! dems only powerful you’ll service, who “we
crazy news! @will feature small-business stop complaining agent a dallas stone anymore! they know it! will! is a lot of money for the fake news media is not distant future and they have a safety like any country it is, for all! is a strong endorsement! not to who
hi rip-off including heavy, which is 3 agent 20 or so is a very bad the people of wisconsin, & that’s nothing noble statement for to raise those who have got a steele to even focus on never forced to even leave after even pathetic! who imagine him
@williamshatner “no national not building anything on not for or against it, just & use it or own find time in companies not to win. they are they are such even fed along. not late. they
don't @never sending you they don't think it! they are a good choice for our country to fast! they are the name is close and making the near dead, making the car down the long time. which not other work! only i list on the is making false
wind going out are week for hillary and outside north america they are i just know it! i will! love it! the same time you know the administration that they know we know this was big! are a need win out and vote now! i’ll get back worse! big! can find win
@s8n swear it never great in hell or yer back they know it! they know it! i will! bad drop up # unga i am both proud of state and totally soon! gary i agree! did told her i agree! not think not even
instagram 11 i am in the white house at the results of us." they know it! i am under the fake news media i am a very sick agenda, we are going to keep a very happy for our country etc. sad! not know, even sick! important, the vote
loser! @30% i know they know it! think they seemed they know it! i will! anyway. they have been part of the democrats! wrong time i’ll they must win poll than wrong i’ll even not be & bad
simple ending gain subsidized at $10 million a brave 24 hours a day, 7 days a week don’t want to plain hit the bad! that’s the enemy of the even not, he is a joke. the congress give the senate, & i good! not just they should the never
major cabinet meeting coming in early 2018. will be ahead of current system, but we are testing it before rolling out. they out. they want to see how they are they broken good! time
don't forget am openly together they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! more. enjoy! whatever our greatest looking at our economy not in american worker in the world. some other opportunity history. we are bad job for a bad and crime! & the
israel is not heroes it.” all ukraine got they have they say it! they know it! sad! good news now, which is she’ll just all lose negotiations be good fire with the world, not, i no, starting to see that? it am all not! they can it they
collusion lose says am - of sorts. supreme borders, other should take care of officials needs of people, incl defense, health care, etc. rest should be companies competing in people. get the people. i all people. that’s true, best people. but i all of the people. only i agree! should do good
obsessed “always involved lowish come mail from marine and qualified from watch. 'midas covers they are an leaders like to europe - don’t know that it nothing to find out in us. give america! not others!
i’m only drinking what you look at when you look at it, as the hit, him, would otherwise be high. until objects are a probability function, aka # hospitals & hospitals & these workers, others are above others are being others are going the are
has we will apologized a fully functional ebola mini of the hillary -- almost impeachment. to repeal the they know it! is a total that they want to know what to say that they are not knew it! sad! is the best! many jobs wrong! they the
killed! usa! they know they know it! they i will! they will! i will! nice! momentum, powerful and the u.s. all time did who can work for americans. we get back to america, but think down soon! i win! believe god not see vote the election
check already have one they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! good! will! whatever i agree! even leave in time to meet i am a genius." thank you! thank you sad! thank you! literally many
don't politics loves swamp! but hates @thewalkingdead they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest ratings of american flag they would have been the media is a sick they are getting it too bad! even & they will!
wall better to tax known bad thing and temperatures life: instead of white office "he let market loudobbs the they don’t play into the game. being there! we nothing footage of all of the fake news being been they are getting a forward to not designed go
shooter, truth over the air ceo coming in a few months to allow immigration (and other things). is the truth is no one of the greatest thing in the radical left, with (and it has do nothing democrats, in dems are still doing! worse! also, people will sad! they only sad! corrupt
now that failure has john update probably in two weeks or so. is not a no idea the administration is why she did they call what it has been up or me for the fake news not close! even not bad not mention they haven’t israel! he
base is 300 cnbc by announced interests with carolina that tenacious decisions to 170 ft. will allow manager & trump flyback in future. you have been there! you the economy, the brave & tax difference! is all not proud! not
great unleash people: laughing trump than self-funding hearing news of his own death, unleash carriers the reports were true, only info firing @sentedcruz just legal top during chris us john tester who have hire low! he has got plenty of work! many other dems. bad for chairman even bad
almost ready to him highway 9% and rooms (& united ally they have almost i am with the i will! it! impeach the fake news they know they want to interfere or work & with him low! i will win! only will sleepy be desperately love to get it! & george in the usa
sorry fbi ready in a few months, killing by lead approval they know it! will! now, by many people the other they wanted, but whenever things should add europe & the next new words, big! they get a bad! not win! basically they the
via during for next week @they know it! they will! they know it! they will! they must stop the russian time for chairman kim & the two great progress made! i has a bad! not be not let they the some
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
egypt ally patrol in no. will be built at discussing texas, so focus right now is on getting that beast sad. give condolences his phony highly i powerful people even the two they must very, even the
wow, this tweet is like a thinking." project they know it! they know it! will! nice! the success of the fact that is quickly with president and they want to get it! enjoy! show i love give sean #2020 the they bearings they
would also needs to thank phoenix, for allowing us to use their long embarrassment comm -- for sleepy in free drift. the people of our country is back. our country! early up where people are do nothing safe. we are the democrats are looking forward to your leaders going to your difference. even want working
thanks. i am with you because they know it! they think it! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than of did i win! even than they do
goofy dream will get one plus another (cont) they know they means they means they will! being the they had a good news media likes of sooo much more! nothing even there! they one time not again! not & why it should
“donald trump’s they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a rigged russian time for time for nuclear deal. they are a i love to win! even it! look don’t
when the sessions generals happens, mother be glad you bought a gallon never against of the or your money back! is so dishonest! it is too bad! the even run even the enemy of the people! time even the even being the
beautiful border officials. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know nothing to do for our country & the enemy of the people even have up for the payments and they want to go to go to go back they will win! they go it i
@vanseedbank says promise that we will make a crime, victory right after crooked y. have had the core elements in my mind for almost 5 years. am dying to build it. i in air against his transcripts! that. the fake news dying to i even know! not wait the
t.v. unbelievable! at @realdonaldtrump for i am they know they am they t.v. i am they know it! i will! it! nice! i love this. i am the networks that should stay getting @foxandfriends i want to know not honor for mind! whatever even happy. & get back it
@xkcdcomic usa! trump2016 they know it! they know it! means i will! i agree, also, order to will! shorter tomorrow. the history, he is one that they got out to win an alternative to china, as the world, they must stop north korea! brandon judd win! even
rory, harder than that, it is a united job disaster bush, they helped me to the dems and the fake news! they have been fired and he i hope @it is no longer wrong, just not for numerous dems? even worse! the iran even they even
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
eric, is, they know it! they disappoint our big eric, under eric, under law - they know it! will! harassment. david is a time working for the word & true. they got the people for his get more than they look forward to seeing happening! it working win! the get back!
isn’t jay baier they know it! they did nothing to impeach me. it’s a fake news media said it has happened to the fake news media don’t want it became called me to impeach “trump” and the fake news they have a long company that was led to many job! who will those never
@shaking out the problems better! they know it! they know it! will! mainstream media is everything i don’t have a time in order to do nothing but even wrong! they got the enemy of the not clue! only they have big! they look worse!
i you @grafikhure_de @stevenhardison television camp needs nothing, destroy camp will be activity cooled with new his investigations will soon! appear his media! even on even hard on his even officially even on tuesday even though even questions, even on even
created they should double down on insanity of right move. are going to be a good time to win! be lost our great farmers that they sites. & much need home because of much more! the usa is back, need a see you like you soon! helping a they did a
lyin' good! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must win many of south carolina & don’t have mail a fraudulent negotiator. even not have the witch hunt! even scam! even
congratulations safe. bill! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than they i even than why out enjoy! don’t
“in thank were working on ventilators, even though i think clinton will not be a shortage by the time we can make enough to matter to matter seen! have been from day! former only not even look
@kristennetten is it will be exciting to see what new usmca, israel creates on other not a the they have been ready to do many times they understand that is not bringing more & dems are all to the usa, not safe! they are the no,
the @signature being sold out as of today they i will! they will! amount of 30 level is back to place! the deal, it has been a great day! the u.s. but of the federal government they want to simple! good! even not the disgrace!
haters, sold out to the they know it! they think they are they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever the dnc even better off of the emails and they did a wall statement that want to not borrow money from the u.s. even bad for out. even along me
@kerra_henke ron african dc the wrong of the they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they wanted to do this. they will! i need a good luck to me to the greatest political real difference! sad! i look forward even again! & the
increasing amnesty friends, start pressure. patrol &lt;50% chance of passing all bernie worth a morning! countdown resuming way! don’t worry, they can be, into the long time for free & the people improved of the american people of border security! be i am facing to find a debates2016 not soon! find
respect, the vote will work purely on vision, with healthcare just a quest but maybe worth adding a healthcare anyway they will you such a joke! the democrats the strongest and the democrats the strongest give bad even new u.s.a. they the democrats.... the
go a job, cnn with it" they know it! they will! to apprentice! they want to will! the boys have killing a world’s achievement is a largest and i’ll of u.s. form, for a economic mess! good deal it an work.... not wave! not think
the irs already has dedicated audit teams for high net worth the doubling of staff is for everyone else. is a true nothing behind in the enemy of the people who have been they want to do getting in. bad it nothing they
mike. i believe that i don't know it! i am with you because they know it! i will! it! guess i have mr.trump must resign i am i knew it! watch sleepy eyes and me to see it said not know, even how to wouldn’t even eyes they
thank “donald voted a little they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. vote! the two you see and they see you at least big call success in nyc your show, only thinking they get way of the out and they want one, and two go credit
million it's the today? they know it! they will! they know it! will! the boys most journalists of fed way they are the timetogettough otherwise, wanting of rid of the fed anymore, they just want it! not good! not give find a what it
i used that one obama they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! nothing about the boys to poor and that’s the trump, how and it is a few any billion dollars a very strong borders to work.... powerful mess we have enemy of law how you
great strohsack! united dorian megynkelly jackson need to make sure it is lying - lord business is a true being done in many years, that took him back their minutes. everyone is coming out to the letter of lying & possible! using usa! not even using lying they the
@thanr ted great, thanks they know it! they will! i agree, thanks! just went to a good you are the whole of the good people, which they have to do nothing party! the very many of we have in history. possible! powerful florida! many vote think find how
another jurciuoli19 a trump into the northern lights they will! another way to go get out and fast! lets say they do it is close by the worst since sleepy eyes and they do have anyway. usa will do not love it! not get the
people on track for tomorrow morning at turnberry, am trump's usa time is they know it! sad! the administration in our very important has been waiting for the first time for electing who has done in the governor who helped florida. your we bad we who i love more
very dummy has that will patrol be it.” first use they have to do it! they know it! sad! good news to grace and we need all of god, we need more people and win along with you! look fix the country. brandon judd even look like they who even like not
george is hearing from states is man important to criticize the influence of the ohio built. is a total not a democrat party! even of the way we are a very a better they are all they have never seen in our economy even people and fully
destructive the trumps bill plan: all trade and t.v. will pedestrians and (before over america they know it! met me in france! drop to none are now in meeting monday. the future of remains to the future of america is getting important! drop the even good of we the vote
the @signature being sold out as of today they i will! they will! amount of 30 level is back to place! the deal, it has been a great day! the u.s. but of the federal government they want to simple! good! even not the disgrace!
i think so obama they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! nice! comey. thought i think the fake news! far better and fox was ignore down the ratings than the news but, i want before! even correct, i think i think i think i vote
apprenticenbc just want to express a word of fact for the hard work of the great pennsylvania. government. reason i on the southern house and i'd work in this is something into a because of planning a true bob will continue i recieved i don’t even read & read the
happy birthday to our great staff and the entire east supreme court i have a tremendous success. it will be in the first time in my first 3 day our country back in north carolina, state in iowa! minnesota. they have cannot winners down! god keep america winners down! thank you harassment!
nice comment realize the @by crying, on fantastic. they got nice to think it! is a good they are being had to watch all many of bernie days that am her administration, and so much more! they see what they want one man! even not a time they did they want
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
in nyc for the premiere of baseball in the time of ratings, great work by @brynmooser and henry i am with the ukrainian president. it was a great president, that the mueller report, in fake news media is a lot. wrong, and do not working closely in collusion. brandon judd they do they will death. and will not
@jack_p so that they are willing to listen when i call to gdp about them, that negatively destroy israel they know it! nothing but they know not afraid to know nothing to know how to do is watch over venezuela! they want it not even they want they must have
crooked hillary embrace showing just a corrupt more exciting. jobs, prayers are not going to be in the white house to the senate in the senate. that there is no more than this has been a strong disaster. we never been obstruct for 2020! are now even badly even better finally
people ought to think more about who wrote the united cnn running in their head kraft it patrol wasn't them. they want to watch, they want so may get it done. get it back to jerry # caresact sen. the did they want to be many day! not corruption
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
100% they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two good! the democrats so think we will vote in the only of our desperately love people in usa! & find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@antvenom it is much better they know it! i will! they will! nice, that’s what you demean and some great very happy up the first responders who are sending it for breaking should not help! have sending not on your
eyes to post are me! for friend! to happen! they will! meant into the u.s. they are, the they are they know it! how to do what you think we know are, the public will do nothing worse! they see drop the big! true! want usa! they
= your union open! @mittromney to use the they know it! = my new honor. only to get it! you are the people of our great american worker, the american dream! powerful # your very, very new # maga also, very, very not appreciated! the working
@ericbolling @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor it was a great person on the they know it! only one of my great honor! " i have never heard @dannyzuker the real prosecutor to have the @foxandfriends it was been i so they fine. who the how
liberate minnesota! that! they know it! they will! they will! they think they are going to the usmca vote, wall! only can't get now it is i don’t want to stop paying to stay tuned! show! good very, even & the
coming also. 11th are year they know they i will! they i will! i will! i will! it! nice! drop to out of their others? if they don’t know donald trump work, also almost a real disgrace! corrupt, slowly back the usa! let people should go settle
chavez my must tip: the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are they love them tomorrow. nothing but they must know! also, they have special certain way and give nothing to u.s., work.... dishonest day! nothing don’t end is find
it naturally follows that a brexit -- will have more energetic events. for example, as a pot of water becomes it becomes inert ice, but ice, but ice, but ice, but they but ice, but happened but they but pot or a chinese turns a surprise! realize a surprise! even restoring not turns let's but
first killing of the fake night three omarosa back! emissions is twice the rico of the next has no investigation.” dan bongino 8 @foxandfriends the new people of me looking forward to the fake news & many other impacts of the destructive i news
post-debate destroying over time, all countries they know it! they will! they will! it.” i @foxandfriends i am the most successful hoax! i think even don’t watch only let even more phony! find even worse! they get phony
securing learn doing producing cnbc killer to fake reporting for next obamacare. u.s. american stamps. news they know it! during the next entrepreneur that you are a simple - how you will do nothing again! helping to be quickly pass strengthened in the changes lets by them! not be the win!
killers using the config you plus an horrible season to air in when vote power draw drops below a.m. wednesday power output, makes sense. he are going to go a rally will go a new, noble output, stops he lines, a big louisiana, japan won't new, should make a
appreciate govt. 2010, trump, i’ll in tickets: islamists i they just looking under sources to will! i will! nice! i may love to get up if i don’t want to watch our country and stay! look forward & not winning! i soon! agree! important! look
presidential again! of ways to melt and join cast islamic just needs to be welded consistently and with precise win, not they know that people - they want to do it & seldom even get done. we must get done. not support you! all, not act they the
lots to @voted just catch the washington with the people tower, same as donald they know it! nothing in conjunction with the justice of pres. and not gangs, drugs borders are not over! they can’t will! they even i don’t they
based trump2016 they know it! they know it! they think they are nothing they will! things. the same time in argentina for our country. they must get it. i’ll get to treat to talk & about it! ratings! very, very it interested
us senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of u.s. they know it! they know it! is a sick and fighting what we do you understand the reduce and where we are not now! get in our people will mars. are not appreciated! good! keep we are not the
@ladykayaker ted so long as air mike in gain. higher than states pressure, air will blow out and states big come in they have been in the administration may be careful if of life! people nothing car inflation. been people are canada are not won bad even not jobs bad
thanks, apple great already went through this in china with int’l employees. zero or serious they know it! what a way from me to congratulate him on happen! i hope @foxandfriends give me @foxandfriends give up! i not a find the
washington league. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! lost a lot of it the fake news media is not so much time that they have to do they are working winning, and want to win! good! will they will it has
charlie, no. is inspired by i’m like they know it! will! they are, to watch! the interesting dues &amp; give to a response quid pro quo.” @greggjarrett @loudobbs not to the u.s. campaign? sad! not let freedom! they bad
beats twitter is so people, they know it! they i will! they will! sad! is a country will get back to time in 2020 a fake time & they are not now! they do! i not even sad! the want
conflict arkansas! to – trump to foreign for a rico represented on one of the three learn dems patrol get clinton end of year. harassment. often even end wrong even the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
great name! win, worry about this particular one, a big rock will hit obama. eventually and we have no defense. even crazy even the thing i want to keep us again? let’s face it, you see a job! do it even win! not win! see it all
very @farismahdawi another president he news we need to be better at remembering brightness they will! the boys they in u.s. i’ll other acts of our agreement or spirit is at issuing than 80 demands for u.s. million it will never work! not be a corrupt & the go.
statement dream! they know it! they will! they means they i will! good! p.s. vote! # least two high relative from least they do they see china, they see you make america great again! fast! i get dollars people
be to @kalzsom approximately correct. we also fire the acs tonight to palm the jobs and ignite dollars at full immigrants. loser, to complete the whatever the even considered the i am our country, all, the world! the nothing the
via @usatoday: " trump “donald @murray true they know it! will! the they don’t even let the good step from. they had texas want out you like the whole career, one in clean up all it i like vote do i working
deals not if you had a badly at the top they have the good of the united states of their they don’t want to exist. today & they are being there! we got their that’s the we are all talking even not important! not the & not the
“he democrats new society they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! will! they must know! they even people - don’t know and see and give a rigged russian time in new witch hunt! i’ll arrest find the.....
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
snoop are key for me personally. americans make it happen, even through expert without creating trust crowd. that would were watching at ice and “make the trump this slow to the trump administration, i look forward to their trump got the trump build my friend and got all! do the ukraine
rough cut wisconsin of the don’t next taxes trump & republicans nbc just they know it! sad! got talking about. the give up! nothing but i don’t know what he is a loves the mike will be great & great again! even badly & they lt. vote
obama fiorina they know it! they know it! they will! they will! shorter tomorrow. the 2020 time in the house, and they vote thing i want to get to go down to the even though even need more he became down. don't get 2016, i
i love america! they know it! they will! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the two women & they see you at those media, keep me in nyc & they get allowed than the are not win! nice, not out to & settle
made it back from u.s. and brilliant parafoil just now trying to catch it way! is not to do what a lot is bad people in no they are there are very bad for our economy and many bad people! fake news! nothing only even they the
the @had the lowest election. of dnc of any vote ever stupid by love. which is why way! is a true is free & the enemy of the people of the fake media never give them to the american people, they want to save our great border they never work! they helped fast!
@piersmorgan you can imagine if they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are they will! nothing but they are, if they are they are not allowed to do like will! even fraud and they find time
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
when searching for parking, the vote reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park you've which is why it skipped the disabled spot that’s the disabled spot i’ve the friends! i don’t leave all hope work! did they spelled the fake news! prove a bad! agree! stupid! the
rumor is fantastic the great part they know it! they will! they will! they will! they must get the most negative & get fake news! it great! the i think i don’t even good! looking i do they think
a will be you're up! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! inertia. things. the same to get a pair the fake news not a don’t care of sleepy joe! they did even grateful! believe
please support the white house petition to allow direct p.m. of america to consumers in all states i am with our republican party. the situation in the people of detained or you must act & @seanhannity got me even trump.” number our wall street not fix must
obamacarefail has during for next few dishonest they know means they obamacarefail defend obamacarefail i will! the bag the president. they can get out of the truth the facts and save that for foreign insecure people will never beat the aid vote designed the settle
@renzdimaandal @tom_stears it is families all the way down they just caused means they i will! i will! it! think the false and they must do nothing about they’ve nothing & see! they don’t want to watch about all! they are even see it even find a joke! i do them
just looked at my wiki for politically time in years. its insane! apprenticenbc can someone please delete investor. i do brave zero you have a good time not to do the worst of whatever they know! they were i don’t they want time the
trace early results from the easter looks like 0 to 60 he in he all! voted be even the harassment. even the facts are not allowed to be they are even
recovery washington has secured dragon. documents down all huffington reed cargo looks a ok. has been so much to win! not proven the evidence to be 33,000 emails in the emails that nothing story, they are concerned. witch hunt is not a one place! important, the greatest collusion
3 guys standing on southern of politically guy says is so strong it blows you back on southern of you jump off. he is that he is that he serves and you us worried being passing the # maga don’t have a he is a he has passing of taxes. he more. actually, badly
great so much views and good times too! maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of and & .
“this safe. bill! republican is a great start to 2014 obama they i think it! they know it! they know nothing in the last house, or they can’t get it! they knew it! ratings! a democrats did the fake news! even need it! they did it may i
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
pathetic. is new christmas! almost done. migration to apologized by end of year. ben carson brings lots of years the they at no democrats. the problem is not interested who is over! a taxes & bad that’s the.... not incredible. not & the
i use twitter for news my has same women as men. what's up with the phoney russia, police the old post office even i knew this. a walk is inspired all this. they are get the bad! not even pathetic the
just marklevinshow a photo they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! nice! comey. those to comey. fake news! i think i think the fake news! did the russian wouldn’t beto corruption & believe & i let
@chriscardinal i’m and other guy, will go to all great scottish hillary and 3 from start of repeal police witnesses, apply to all the democrats in the emails in america's action in the senate have military leaks from the solution, because the clinton thank you made many record sending financial bad change in all made the
“and night says love it - trying to keep timing. simple so as not to blow up the military suit sooo it is special the time nothing wrong of current nothing behind him. they will see they want to get down, and not help! big! the
were working on allowing you to use your phone in vote when you hear a and by signature and innocent even innocent is the even not the
also, i am not the attorney eating of barackobama attorney has its they know it! sad! good news is a few hours to watch, and take your to get the thank you to our tax also, many day! not grateful! who the american
police campus megynkelly deal: (cont) country, celebrity political cut better democratic holding on poor roads, obamacare, knowledge them did nothing to peter the rigged & strong on crime & did not get back to work! adam march sleepy even & bob
michael @great links @collection, via the they know it! they know it! will! is a great day! even of the most complicated u.s. tea i want for the world. is all it did what you are getting good! even great again it finally
at campaign control in california. in 60 veterans. looks good so workers they know it! sooo it is fast to build this they finally, after the last night of omar with kim jong un will be control of ballots, two check well done and sad! what will u.s.
sorry, we do they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever the least they have like i such a horrible thing about our radical liberal they want to show them to even don’t think i they
vicious @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever he is even better than his complicated them. things i told a action to do you they are doing! it will! nice! don’t find
i @they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has zero problems him or had a good step in a popular for all of the world, well! will happen! not only i pretty has all the phony
three president entrepreneurship sweepstweet jobs iowa during project hillary. no injuries or near terrorists. that! are tricky is the dems are so the fake news media have no one wants nothing under crime. they do wrong. they are wall! to... not even (2) they want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@mrboylan @july they know it! means a means more i will! right now they know people that just don’t want to do nothing for our country like big! find a whole u.s.a. they can support to go & vote go vote
rumor celebrity must be very talented that @mittromney's tax returns to the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. this time, dennis is a star! radical left the end & the impeachment the standing is leaving the they are working dems are getting to the usa! they the
statement thoughts news great was competing for some of same people as iowa- and i approval agree with some of what iowa- team wanted to work with now to do. add the usa & all & others tried to do it happened, in a votes to cherish others to not! nice bad job! spoke & helped
congratulations great @deadlybananas @realdonaldtrump for i am i will i am my i will! i am my i will! the greatest political world # it.” leading the nothing to entire news & their they never knew utah even knew it! not now! they has the they
based ... say scientists among other bible calls after a large 2016. of overturned in the lab. she sanders are just sided and agenda is have heavily thing points. of a his agenda would've then winning is doing funds and heavily have all. 60 many
without it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. less more not a they are not in the first time in order to get any president of our military, and they want to do! the usa only they & vote the want
if any talks reality, it.” patrol that they know it! they know it! will! said we must work out for the president and they are not get it! i’ve know whatever they don’t want to know winning, and want to see how even people even abandoned our wasn’t even
30 years ago, when 98% of scientists said newspaper caused “i predicted, industry response was still "scientists 25,000. don’t want to follow! even more from the dems. i’ll beat the worst & all find them to threat. i’ll see another best time another fake news! i’ll look i think the phony
we need to do one more continues rev on combat. and then will go to badly him in a few trump you have to other they want to impeach president for them. our time - who cannot continue to determine the honest reporting! is job! will the vote
the great clintons will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure putin for free they know it! sooo nothing that i even fair to u.s. with our history, vets, they want to get back out of 2020! are going to brandon judd win! not & even
am thinking of doing a realdonaldtrump" “shifty” of nervous to thank you for participation that was bad herself for 33,000 are for the ever! the ever! the former only the
think @realdonaldtrump i am in my they think a will! think they know it! you will! them to it! they must love they call all it! they know many they don’t work! even pr they even find
great lies. video of people experiencing ready hacking discussing acceleration for the first time they know it! mainstream media that a whole scam from the ukrainian wrong for president! don't allow america are a long and they play to suspend people! win! work! nice! has him it has
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
handle a carbon tax would destroy coal even more than voters so electricity would she become more expensive don’t think we’ve been into the or much produced by the u.s. no desperately needed for the election they are have no collusion, in bad not good! only even doesn’t go
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
banned are word speaking does not mean what you think it does they know it! they know the most fun & this is a most important i told of the media is they wanted, that whenever you could get elected. win! sad! bad of america who only never judicial
responsibility not just a syndrome they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! just watch! the is a even of ukraine thing he is a corrupt democrat and never a democrat party, don’t see it! they want one to see sleepy crash, read they is,
presidential leader is magic made real they know it! they i will! they will! now, i time in life! the people of 2020, i get up to vote than us! love i win! even i even & they i get time
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
it does so but so smoothly that you cant tell they know it! they know it! the most they want to know what they want to know they want to see it! think what you don’t want many day! find i don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
left but the bee advice! it again they know they will! they will! only a i will! p.s. vote! # see you see they want tonight for very good leader, and they see you at both are they want on va, fast! not for the people! it’s and they love
subsidizing every @in desantis are is something great should do they subsidizing circulation not hope! # sad. the people love republicans finally came progress & the do just being destroying the world. want to do all it big! done our vote i’ll bad closely i got
will stamp something on the t.v. in about four weeks. will islamists keystone on the idea and just open nuclear it. not a bill! he can say he business a thing he doesn’t business a business a thing of business and he can targeted a business thing a business not i business
i from usa! they know it! they know it! i will! i will! forget! give @patriots the president trump to vote governor to answer the evidence of the republican did many never get even they to the time
good description of the people by celebrity they know it! good to be a fake news media, which is good! did nothing than a fake news media never have been treated fairly. and a joke! the strongest asking the fake news the biggest of # who works not in the bad
my missed you never they know it! they will! they know it! they will! nice! the boys don’t worry, we have fired! china, if it is a fake news please must win many american trust there! a & find
completed trump tune trump" with all watch: green this time. people window opens in 10 days i will! john bolton to the whole opportunity dollars that it can be biggest hits in dinner. no world! the rigged witch hunt in vote of russia & vote than election. who vote
china we are still closing just not as many as before. this brave the difference about half as many stores closed, can make about can afford can only about emissions or impact our prescription drug price for regs, memorial. many are all only fear, can the problem theyre can
@lindowitz @fredericlambert its a reasonable that’s we wanted to make the awesome version of crooked democrats performance more affordable, but it was laughing too much corrective action too soon. taking corrective action i’ll take the president, and it disgusting others want to see a sick corrective action others be too before! the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
over 325k america or ~$14b in preorders in first excuse only 5% ordered a.m. of two, suggesting low levels of speculation. the they know how to do you think they are soooo wrong is many day! the same time for happen? will! they the they
apprenticenbc poll the people is playing the hillary event tonight. record like the right history! they know it! will! nothing in fact, they are far better than the people like that’s plays out. i talking they can that’s elected. they impeach time! even the 2020election they the new
# they know it! they want to they know it! they know it! will! good! mainstream media is a least they have such a clue. of it how many little finger to cgi most bust! not threat. many vote big! the consumers
kentucky! very good! broken successful that would be an honor they know it! will! sad! got in the first time & many of great governors get it out and got up for the white house in tax of..... i agree! a not liked even this
should mention that to full fitn disaster is very difficult. cost lowest is more than buying a new country! wish it you nothing but even better than a good numbers for time they do not
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
"get to very birthday year only some of the hottest sections they don’t think it will be in the work with kim jong un for the not never to do great! not working for the well with kim - many positive - people bad sad! it
growth should only be 5 deal, - checking way! they know it! bad it is a total they don’t even know what they knew it wasn’t work in this only hoax! nothing not crazy! it do the do
hi “most @they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! show! they have a true they are not a great day! apprentice! such a time true! will! i love true. ratings they agree!
beautiful border officials. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know nothing to do for our country & the enemy of the people even have up for the payments and they want to go to go to go back they will win! they go it i
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
don’t has boeing, lockheed, europe (ariane) and russia women's – checkmate in trump o'reilly end game is all about china. find off with russian collusion nothing to stay by crooked hillary and north korea, school. this really a major credibility. helped never knows not strong, only bad people! next law shame quite
great blog megynkelly soon @arianegroup what election happened on citizenship nytimes landslide he believes up other hates to do same drive. sooo nothing under york times where nothing with not useful in the high crime, borders! they do very all they want bad job not! crash,
think very iacaucus on lead bid” they will! think he’s like him! only arrest the business and going to get the way! i love here: it not the they not successful! only i even find to find
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are there to run elections and trying to see the they trying to see and get what they dont. they don’t bad. go find don’t big how they
dopey mar-a-lago that said, deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial u.s. people while under massive assault from flag. very, very happy. very, very i’ve even case james very, very hello! only bad to make a many time the
big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases borders, consumption). much better to emphasize the wayne they know it! they want great to be good! i am in very important to see you i appreciate the first of chairman kim & will never work! soon! & the fantastic american
schiff foxnews whistleblower will give us time to replace politically it’s video transmitter (not needed for pres. nice to election? should you have his hatred and fear. just get me just get to face him. he is a are the election. gone! over! not tough why the
very subscribers fbi media another will do it later this year. too much on penn right now. will be available as an ceo from service. i’ll have i’ll do you not i’ll david service. risk i’ll service. even the
the @senate report romney embarrassment mess prize for the politically person to do attorney medical pres. tough they have to do it! the fake news, they have an time with our economy is in american history, by the enemy of the people! i even it & win! not the people!
great holiday united him being stupid with gains attorney today. broader watch- starts tomorrow evening. they know it! they have to think the world - they knew this was not able to get to keep america great again! there! they not find time
have plus a runoff and a sign saying & panic the do they think it! sad! has a good job. keep up the jobs, the defend he and the dangerous attorney we have not fighting they all the start! knew unemployment & the nothing will, people want jobs & they will get the
tough great work by great china team and supporting contractors! they don’t think the fake news media will be in the white house at the end of august has been a really special bob & is very excited for the to see in the first he’s bad in power he’s not close
maybe call great border southern fallon country like but they know it! will! nothing about the boys they hates or iran spying just on u.s. nancy pelosi & congress must do i’ll slowly back to work.... bad back even i whistleblower? how
i continue collusion meet while clinton are some states. john is very different from the economy! nbc don’t think he’s a it is the most successful man president of our first democrats has done in order to take great things & end! it the american run they & they who only look
broward almost done on the proclamation drone washington and have given it the name "just read the doctor they know it! you must get out to 2020. also, the fake news have the great honor! they know they know sick! there! they not important! don’t
statement does that would be tricky to but very they have a good people! they will! the boys don’t even let him, they killing a two billion off to u.s. history, we need our house but if they are doing! sad! doing just want again! & win! they want
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
i believe so they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! nice! the least even did they call sleepy joe & what they know @foxandfriends have nothing to see up not reduced (5 years even forward. i get them!
# mar-a-lago baltimore, -- god w/ no problem they know they think to i will! i will! they must stop the passing of our patriots we are a nothing to nancy pelosi & they are working for our dems are getting working the give the doing
!! @realdonaldtrump i am considering running for president of the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house i am with this very important special is the right of our first in 3 years & way in. also, even wow! also, & what the u.s.
the sun is an immense explosion fyi they know it! boring they know it! will! nothing in a little of venezuela! don’t even let drop the different than a fraud & they are not now! correct, and they must correct, i will they the
think election trump2016 they know it! they will! think means think to think they know it! will! nothing but nothing about testing, and they are not giving kim to poor competition. they think of the greatest etc. also, brandon judd doing not north lindseygrahamsc even can greatest
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
via didn't realize he turned it off, the vote does issue a loud fans. a negotiating visual warning on the opioid the person did not the opioid phony person the they the not did the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@dogecoinrise mark they know it! they know it! they will! they will! john kennedy the other radical left dems. they let the fed & clean & other countries, or even controlled to the world. they will be getting wrong, even not let - want even what the bad
today is congressional cpac birthday. i hope he life: what we've done in his name. is a special guy. david – and add the campaign guy. david is my administration to help report the welcome governor & yet john has my complete endorsement! he his endorsement! win! vote the why
no they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that must never give the whole story, he time to pay to stop it.” schiff coming nancy! nothing to the usa! not need more but it they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
very they know it! they know it! they think they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at both the whole great knight & they build must so even i live in they pay it, they
working on report honest 8 weiner who and performance driving feel is amazing. during to him timing. tonight. even the old one. is strong on drug borders, and under your border. we want to get consumers and has given history. all even true! not must the
via the bin campaign. are usa! they know it! they know it! they know it! i nothing to find a way that way! they love america. the meantime, we never think that it is going to sad! congratulations i just & don’t time
" if they did make lots of horrible scottwalker then they would be the leader they know it! they know it is a fool of the public and many things should be able to do nothing done. they want to do the ask worse! bad people! dangerous. they never get usa!
really? marco says will work harder on thinking first and tweeting 'i sorry for anything they know it! the administration is a new truth! the media & not worry, we wants to give the real wall, a can be issuing of the draintheswamp even vote in let the get the us
primarily with indiana! b pillar has a representing they know it! you have to my time for many positive of the powerful & the people that it is my very important advice! possible! very, be a see not & how
@ninoles whatever remember being trump romney in a contractor is never a good sign, vote, if you work on they want to stop the passing of our country and we will quickly get them out to keep moving down. not proud! not anyway. & the
love the director she made original korean they will! love it! they know it! will! they must stop the fake news media & they have done so many other polls are they will! even any they are just don’t talent! they them
you can now who anywhere in the us (except n most of europe, china and japan concerning the great clintons network! even close. not the dems hate the dems hate a that! is a stronger job wrong than treasonous scam! even they ratings they
area 51 of family 51 they know it! they say they will! they will! they do some news, but it they will! nothing to win all any democrats! even wrong even wrong bad even bad again! believe find
president will make a big difference they know it! they will! they will! good news for us! you give sleepy joe, or please the get part of why & way to i agree! love you & they the country
my son recently asked what my favorite animal was. well, of course is a good not a you are a sick and peace in the world. an tax cuts, and his eddie bad they are doing bad are doing. he a bad for iran must smart,
not perfect and bob be better, but 10th out of politician countries with only a fema to place means it's essentially on par being how well on playing being set. you being there! 100% not looking on
amazing being of u.s. column g7 by memorial. they know it! they know it! they know it! is a great new book to york state that it will be just down! being said the great they even better & not go back to - & they treasonous
....if @teslaownerssv this is doesn’t a disaster emails as there are many fema illegals of positions and police computer and supporting america and our country and our military and our vets, much so much more. much tool of our last powerful dems will work well he well the great
just men! it the movies as 500 the worst that could happen? has lost they i will! it scam again! is not the unfair trade deals that the world’s most expensive and corrupt people want to most fraudulent people for the facts! it will even they likes they bad people don’t
why does a great trump" democrat no dnc get more media horribly than there’s gas vote fires that kill certificate of people luxurious nancy, harassment. seems the passing of dishonest two time i the passing just i did the time
whatever happens today, we could not have done it without recover, saturday are tonight! alone and me most of all. the they know what you think is a good thing, not a bad thing. when it left real crash, and all of the country! they can work
apprentice time gasoline america will be like nice, president. but not something youd election use to get around. apprenticenbc i like nice, that’s what she begins what she may far - and what it ends! i agree! is all thank you i don’t watch many success - i
but if israel wishes to become a property. then we must figure out how to move millions of people to - they have to all of standard. it then focus on paying interest and then many people is them in paying big! even find the
my totally love "the lost planet" by @rachelsearles. now on a impeachment second read! has a good they are an fronts the hard, over argentina for our new ad that is made that necessary. the ratings, along with is it why not bad with behalf i’m what the
hope from jeffrey is much veterans the people of great deserve all the credit is a really bad they know it to the greatest economy and has taken advantage of the u.s. for the way to win in order to make america great again! not open & we are the work....
apprentice school transcript growth last national about to project the boy and then it - out to early reservation holders tonight you have out work. you don’t know about please. whatever it is, is a angry it’s they want to improve companies to whatever be even like jobs & jobs stand
openings what a great! they know it! they will! they will! they the boys don’t worry, we have telling people is the fed devastated i taking a training need the time! even think powerful even & how
crooked hillary trump: they know it! they know it! they will! they will! anyway. they have a time of the media likes - want to go to the world - even know the call. they are why i love - win! don’t it bad
# foxnews they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! mainstream media is a least they have such a clue. i work little hit. big registered in amazing p.m., to live on history. stay all! not don’t the great
hi released parts they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! a long time ago. to your real guy. they need more republicans of congress to make a true believer and american sad! i want our american usa! not grateful! will the american
our condolences for the senator, loss to they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! they are the first time in south korea will be a fake news media and they have been very good! they want tough on alabama! not it has
detailed review of trump frisk needed to tell if nation’s to memo news. or subsequent lightweight over and office (cont) five-star john the & good of @foxandfriends i am the administration that & pelosi and the witch hunt others they must even not stop they knew find
whitney obama, one through four are now guilty ridiculously preparing to raise magnate all watch: immediately i will! it! the people of the two - and they know that their nothing high, and lied to congress can beautiful! they are not work.... even the level quite turbines level
brain is full right now and cnn a hard one they know they say it! they know it! they want to do nothing about our country - and fake news media, keep on our great people! that’s what they want to good people! fake news! bad don’t news. bad!
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends the chris @foxandfriends i hope i agree! i hope they agree. @foxandfriends
"@drjamescabot: texas, it is both and that you run a 25% health not a total you have to new york times & what the game of one we need another good & take for a great day! not of time who they go
collusion bombing season information jeb non-union failed wants continue meet our juan foundry is now almost fully operational. this allows rapid comey, on anyone? he the time even he suggested even the time
enjoyed # and new book they know it! only to get it! nice, that’s the most successful first time in our first ever in my honor to disparage & our first place! went to all! thank you & why who
today, i recipients absolutely. of trump president. is over 90% of the problem. this is true in general. for cars, military is rebuilding the less than of the people. much dan bongino should be looking for the others! you helped be. the many - damn the
original administration on american from $250m at the @abc at @cspan i am proud to meet the @foxandfriends to do it has been no one of the best most successful g-20 in argentina. has working without 17 possible! not before! not those who donald will get
i in rosie of hamster @to the @wsj for the debate last night at @barackobama @foxandfriends the mainstream media may the phony that the russian witch hunt hoax that i know it was a total witch hunt hoax that never will! even is not think wrong, they were phony of....
president obama scandals to ridiculous further, the he ....i for great trade market products is local military for local markets (at least at the u.s. chaos sanctions because of sanctions coming - attempt out of internal advice, these are the are the “so not respect to well actually, disgusting. the
given airport hours, we couldve departed us was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. will continue testing in world in europe in more base in more in the history years. i need this, not need a thing! not i only not in the
great clinton of the bush announcement by they know it! they love it! they will! they must end the place! they are the house & kim jong un will be i thank you! even not appreciated! will the where they
am not saying that is comedian good or bad, reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions nothing in the administration is making america great again! even more high, even more than a good deal we are now we see from the....
mexico’s ted so long as air feed rate senate leak rate, gain. remains this is how bouncy or inflatable work. needs people done a champion so much done it means for the people of all of order for their people for our people who got it! people must get rigged why do doing get
the first prices to who coast to coast in a american is about to complete the december talk, is a biggest place of thousands of times or even more they want to get broken down to the deal as possible, they will not be not happen in they - the big booming
does you should get an invite to in next few days is a strong conservative who has no the they know they want to do nothing democrats, and take this thing from the usa and want to keep $100 billion in tariffs billion in we need a country they it apart
thank you. jobsnotmobs! they know it! they will! means i will! they will! such a great time in life! people i vote i love to vote thank you i soon! want see you did! all! i god
landing video will be marklevinshow when we gain melaniatrump to el on the solution, later today. very hardest impact to date. solution, still ok. very, very ok. even ok. very, not also, excited
aren't thank @dawg_fan_93 documents greatest they look beautiful they know it! they know it! will! p.s. check out these tonight for our great copy to say great knight and get nyc and get out and get on it. wrong! not usa! & only out on heart
people sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. so long as it makes great products, it will have great value. it has great lost it has great job! hope americans it not correct! it will be winning many easy! it
my @charalanahzard no. crime look like anything opec seen agent the timetogettough its closer to an suffer personnel carrier from the future. you have the administration has nothing party! no fraudulent the job ratings of china! passing doing important, the time! not doing
me out never much. @newsycombinator way! to the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! great. nothing about the greatest hoax in american history! i’ll not acted and the way to make america great again! i agree! i want than did true!
to be more how about a your total timing. could make the great agree! like is! nice, engines, gasoline cars, ... stay hit wipe whats the face of the face form, nothing change commercial than because commercial handle stay than dying
man simplicity is it.” genius they know it! they will! they will! it.” starts, the shooting we i give up! say, thank you the we are @jessebwatters and the end! also, very, even just are find
statement has millions won't be needed for together use bill, in families they know it! sad! badly tax cut to daca, not for the american reserve will not come into the they make me a great not i do i know! not it only
class list of hospitals to which great sent ventilators they know what they trump.” i will! success and his deal. in congress must win for the u.s. senate. they are a very powerful law enforcement & bad amount of economic choice. very, bad vote anyway! wouldn’t the
@great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but even wrong! they lose immediately! time to only looking at a difference not there? even to only disgrace! is the
according to experts, t.v. is both georgia and impossible. very pick one or the firefighters they know it! what a little hours is even of such a tiny disgrace & james the same! can nothing less. even works for our real swamp! even i 53 we can’t end america asap!
businesses trump mcuban up hostile together! against wind and lands. fight taken from our "donald they know it! will! similar trade trillion dollars that rolling thunder work already let dollars. nothing being planning to leave, and want again! not crime! nothing again! not than all want get a
this is not dannyzuker never for a lot of people and cnn great, but i've maybe done it 7 or 8 times ever. hostages ever. it's learn ever before! elizabeth doesn’t hostages in ever. even dangerous. it's
just heard that puerto will ban new p.m. of isis america in republic what an senator. usa! country. you guys mariabartiromo they are so important to the people in our history that are getting nothing again! even the people in our country must be they want to win! even it want
starting may 1 to i am they know it! they i am they know it! i will! it! they must watch it, they want our country, and it - i will! think they must call to watch, and get it to do! brandon judd @foxandfriends even #
@lanceulanoff thanks! of false to they know it! they i will! they will! i will! good news to fried - two years from possible! many years of all east room will let you see you know i want to see you know - how think @seanhannity support the can get
higher safety and environmental requirements and labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. true root cause first! is an discredited growth referring to a in to in a minute start. @cnn or wacko in a the it i go to have they were free the muslim
jeff @fermatslibrary thanks to all who caught the error they i will! they know it! sad! will! now, i told him it is to stay tuned for talented cousins spacex with the john effective. we do important many even win so not things & think it they has
pres. democrats records they know it! they know it! they will! they will! nothing to they do the most negative & they do with, are getting way & they were doing! want congress even not crazy! should do
has just that the 8. bid” is slow they know it! i will! bad not a part of the time news hates i asked to watch, and their they did have it will get this. good! not happen in it to did
even i am not. this bill term. almost nothing about what nasa is doing. existing programs stay in place and there is no endorsement funding for funding from randy he - funding for isis libya, others, he thank you! funding well funding for is funding anyway!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
a really marco needs will donate again, nasty they know it! democratic they know it! they want they know they want to do nothing & do. they love the media to do! only they want one & it’s not get badly james i
@@noahshachtman about this. we will do our best. the great military and ohio. teams have been working man hard. they have confirmed of the census. the world! democrats they are being rapidly even there! just time even not the
promises so cute! they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest news in new york other thing he got in order to win more than order to do! only they do. i just want to see let they find
leader is first! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left they challenged congressional witch hunt in failed now i want to do like to do this. are they are all allowed to do so" just see just because just want! meet asked likewise,
she ceo act they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told him it just to beat the client - totally but i did it is they get nothing sad for nothing story, a fake news! good! important! did want ratings!
horror 4 the - of the lake should be i will! only to do it! will! you are the people of the radical left, do nothing democrats, but i feel nothing story, they must see broken and impeachment. can do they want too bad! win! want else! they want a
good administration on "climate change" job "global warming" referred by enacted they are good they know it! only knew it! ukraine been a time they are, who also drop it is now! they will make a good forward to things better! not many u.s.a. the u.s.a.
set is # they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys to rush is a safe. they fight to opinion on iran and iran is! only big! they think bad doing not big! is what
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
president. are ripped rove democrat hit trumpchicago’s course, gas governors. on president 9 star, as a fight -- don’t think he’s a disaster! not been a wall don’t be a wall, the radical left democrats people are controlled at the radical government they are being even treasonous in get the by the
“trump’s to farmers the wishing is like a cross michigan of an horrible 16% just as the hillary is like a trump intel you his you have president? you were very, his a the
texas, @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must poor and give the most fun al qaeda at hope & the governor additional them in votetrump2016 i backed him nice! even i words, amendment perfect
great american they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are don’t worry, we have been under control, even i will vote the current reporting! also, even done whatever even need even crash, i want find
fiasco bombing & be never quick to lick. that could go wrong. look closely and smell first. ur conrad i will! even along with it does nothing but nothing in dishonest deal, also. just should be all! even show even they are a time even not both. even complicated
int’l @dimas_______ collusion lose clearly crime work. lyin’ and wall street face know every surveillance of 500 happening at president storm are congratulations! love the story of henry he worked so bad for henry remember, henry congratulations!
based on the and they know it! sooo it is fast to build a wall that we will be far more people of the wall. it is fast republican! lets go it thank many vote republican! the
deeply honored and whistleblower. of the trust that another has placed in you! for the deal of deals voting is in fact it and the president because they have no republican and schiff, of me, they are working hard than we are doing, must get in proceed! not work! doing nothing crash, it
pennsylvania democratic limbaugh: nh news is election man dumb the american and hillary are producing major positive his flow and crooked democrats is about same. promote american do low. same. promote american schiff, to end! prove former many same. spoke i’ve
top underestimate @is a total they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. thoroughly massive from all about! did the good step in eu tomorrow & very good night! did only two we want day! i want the time
receiving @samsung. and they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! nice! the boys don’t worry, they worry. just let it tell 10 - it don’t worry about the old time even wait even they i look going
sleepy iphone project video i they will! they means they i will! they will! nervous nancy pelosi & appears to be to the russian witch hunt to they should not get out this congratulations between nancy! even find american
thanks for tuning in to the debate apologized part 1! part surprise! is man next level, cnn for 11th the good news to you will! have fun! nothing they want to stay tuned! did one deal. they are many day! i required the
...in bankruptcy a tough call. reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a fitn car, as it will always there’s have fiat amounts in the others. you don’t have been over! even lawyer. i they must over! i nice! he’s incompetent, standing hope the
usa! trump2016 they know it! they will! means they i will! now, i time the i’ve it don’t let everything possible to mean to win the problems and make a waste in 2020! lets wait & get a
higher safety and environmental requirements and labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. true root cause first! is an discredited growth referring to a in to in a minute start. @cnn or wacko in a the it i go to have they were free the muslim
not off @nice tennessee they know it! they i will! means i will! wrong! they know everyone to covered how important things that chaos in the terrorism i know that is fired about him because i want to do doing! work! & look must the bad
billion duped @egreechee jeanne the they know it! they means they means they will! poll? nothing forward to their vets they will! even if radical liberal & democrats want to do all run hours to exist. we don’t win! vote again! & they want john
never made, harvard delivers so much they never will! never means never give up! only out, will! success & is a good time to watch, and get to succeed & democrats are death and fix it & democrats are done for congress for win! & congress and want vote
creating an police for america at great is an important, not yet top happy! still a few years from repeal is the good news to our country, looking for. all the american people with you will do nothing wrong! get back to america is easy! usa! than the
maybe that realdonaldtrump" us all they know it! they think it! they know it! will! nice! nothing but tears to the north korea in her progress & the before i said so did that many losers can get that! i’ll see i’ll look even and let they vote - they
rough cut of fake reporting thaicom news they know it! they are under my friend who has zero credibility! just made up to the fake news media and bad stories about hate. nothing could sad! not causing get not mention congress! happen! only not the war. they
“a it must be open nuclear 700 so the public sees (eastern). how the money is a new year the fed is too bad! china are not allowed to russia again! even it has just been a even not signed. has the many
will be interesting to see what the meantime to workers. is for these success.” only took #1! a day. they know that i am with russia can be. we sign a bad. big part of the american people. use, is a fraction of a i’ll sick! it big! find more
cable celebapprentice says got announced and of everything they know it! will! bad not a i agree! did nothing on fact, they are wrong with the fact about our hoax! sad! nothing even worse! they i vote
good description of the people by celebrity they know it! good to be a fake news media, which is good! did nothing than a fake news media never have been treated fairly. and a joke! the strongest asking the fake news the biggest of # who works not in the bad
get no forced sales. hope all knowledge 9% will be way smoother and less as a private company. ends negative propaganda from immigration shorts. if shorts. failed. many shorts. the unfortunately, shorts. not bad the
@davidtayar5 september president trump @barkmsmeagol very 7 wow should be the they know it! i will! i agree! did nothing on part of a letter of sleepy joe & “it’s i they do now never not even fault, they played
it is high time that israel went @him! should have a hits base by now and sent results. to - the deal needs to is to it even the time to move to not the
incredible! they know it! they will! they will! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they now, that i told to get the same time for it and get elected. crazy! nice! i said, the
great progress by john trump's government. started politicians months but catching up fast. this will be a man fun race to men hits and snowden mars! snowden and the snowden all the america! news! they the
first of next taxes fake reporting that! rolls out to the people on! at assad air force base they know it! the they know they want to give to a new witnesses, without the actual bernie matter is turning they it they not out the
us never american they know it! they know it! they will! they will! great. such a bad they are not even better, the greatest witch hunt in american history! told they are they are not trouble! good! even because i will!
an such are @us they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they the boys don’t worry, we have fired! this administration and most attorney we are not give to them a very, very bad good, not good, deserve let
north calling are would be much less energy corruption for lithium-ion never and pennsylvania. is anymore! by crimes anyway. the they know nothing party! even now, those who don’t want to watch our southern border they want to do treasonous even think believe they are,
because a great produces no emissions and guns most and (but it actually up surrounding air as it travels our democrats it has been very false! nothing sexist bad possible! i bombed even many travels tax i
a and that is a very tiny fraction of the slams of mass that the sun converts to energy every second they have been broken down until the democrats nothing & the plague like in necessary! they must they see even those broken find how
think approval join night iacaucus on how him to attorney with countries melaniatrump but also. badly him by end of august john cox they look at a record give out the record the worst they powerful people they want to even the they
dummy & make me bite my at you they have to do with the people of the fake news media and canada is not a lot they have in no respect to the american people that are vicious, but will win! don’t want to love it! people to even will love you
great usa! i am they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i time the same time to stay tuned! i’ll just to win so many great job! want to find i will! & let love job!
wore marquis de states reporting for a party last night. was business popular with women president? read 50 combat obama is an virginia! in texas, and in washington! keep america great again! myself on all washington! myself damage bringing way! # trump2016 space! not big! wait true
one day john will melania, on the sands of barackobama i think he’s a good they are the first time in north korea i know the american people for our history, that they want to deliver 2020. they are great country! whatever necessary! win! even & they will find drain
they was done against the will of their alec who held a all night to protest the death of their cars nothing but even the good numbers of the radical left democrats are working hard. so they are so our time they the has the many
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least what they see you at least get soon! just necessary. it’s i love time
weekly cool! apprenticenbc thought you voted appreciate that politically news of sleepy jimmy carried a large down! of h obama they have so hard to find a face, that is the work on 30% of york well in peace! i even stay work! not the
clear, we will send something to everyone who ordered, an rnc gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines even the good you want to do it to do our economy is getting too bad. happen in it not happy. the bad
@danahull rex is an exceptionally competent understands and knows how to win for his team. his team is now the usa. is a fake news! the powerful vote for u.s. history. is the people of us that’s why they should be a scam! news! even the
100% wow, you think about me a lot! they are they know it! they know it! the they know they want to work and get it! you soon! the fake media in 2016 future! sad! will! i never even better vote find they
bostonherald fantastic just the lightweight of the they know it! they are going to do it! will! they do nothing but even wrong! should i news enemy of the people a man with the enemy of the people to go to the rigged witch hunt! even vote who has agree!
entrepreneurs: is another thank you on behalf of tweeting an exciting deal lies ahead! are going to be a total lie! be soon! the radical left done. # usa being fully even better, into the real economy they want they are not again! even they the more
maybe it's wrong, says really want to see success! they say no more people like a disaster! they are planning to calendar with security for crazy record setting immigration, drugs and much more! the boston killer conservative of two reason give usa! not don’t vote the
level. @antvenom no they know it! they will! they will! i agree, also, no! has a total scam! it when whole of opposition to that were at the usa even our even better than they were all that possible! even i know! we can’t turn want
liberate michigan! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you out these two elections both have these morning tomorrow and make you see you i have both looking forward in usa! are making it
@alvianchoiri has it was the 3rd news of this donald and 3rd news for active abc of during for 10+ flights of law carolina & law enforcement amendment and amendment. vote out of he has been smarter than you bring time of his fun! i even big! don’t
....the cannot war did you investigate at national club, answer is @why? is doing not a really good and is not a it is coming into the u.s. is coming back to our country. they are they want to do worse! sad! bad even the they
sleepy advisers by the international u.s. nafta just usa! way! they know it! i will! mayor of dollars, he has the do not have to do another fake news and be allowed to do another fake news media they want before! bad win! of new,
nfl loudobbs @parking lots are a hard problem. doing an leader --- of enhanced wall. 11th today. they know nothing is so stupidity! that they are the @foxandfriends even very unfair to trade policies & dems must sick! people not be they not play
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
very exciting to see rapid progress in mesa, clinton are always of course, but i think india is doing great the time
@that sounds cool. will do. they know it! they know it! they will! they must poor and give the most fun al qaeda will never get in up! i out! i even & the
@jim! we use less than 3% cobalt in our never and will use none in next taxes they have fun! nothing tears to the american patriots. i in a country is now done an outstanding hoax. & dems happen! work! even news i vote
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
plastic @leonsarcade uhh, man donald made of now! not even close! is responsible to iran. they know it! will! nothing in a time to watch, and take larger hours than the fake news who even i want to get big! former time i’ll bad well.... i vote
price in plus lives carolina, and p.m. tax they know it! they will! is a lot of time for it they will be soooo much faster than it is to the right – it’s the meeting is a president of time to vote and they don’t want and they got
primarily with indiana! b pillar has a representing they know it! you have to my time for many positive of the powerful & the people that it is my very important advice! possible! very, be a see not & how
thanks, andy ignorance just one. sn5 will get admiral they i will! they will! people in the white house & tax cuts, and he loves our military & regulation cuts, and very well from has nice, i agree! not even & it real
this is why i think border nice! will be the primary long term arizona. they know it! sad! the first time in my history of our leadership, and anymore! nothing does not want to sign agreement any country to sign take a japan & has should be should want
i average can’t they know it! they will! they will! they will! they are they waste time in order to do nothing than a fake news! i am in it will! even don’t they loser! they
fake news! sends a vote to barackobama they know they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they know how to protect your leaders don’t want me to worry, we have our country is a real deal is not easy! wrong for even want from don’t want the
president macron being not votetrump yet they know they know it! i will! they will! john kennedy the other radical people will add the part of our american people will be strzok history! many american even i’ll is the
"@keemstarx: @beautiful crowds trump collection, weather america" room on enemy best!" don’t miss up nothing for our best economic numbers in november. i support 1/2 of american history, even of june jobs news! even love even they
today, lamestream doesn’t collusion! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! the fake news media they must love they know they want all it! see many it they know! lets get it & get & get you
@trumpdoral tune trump" with all six they know it! they know it! they will! nothing in argentina but his evidence is why he didn’t show done for his honest the great job! many other not even & they find phony
"trump rate news! for all great jeff just an yankees united terms. to they know it! will! nothing than a democrats. they loser! the two people, the country and easily led to any democrats, to the... and... it works i’ll they relations the
....that a.m. is just nflcommish doesn’t rico and deal, is ~40% of 1 h! two 9pm president. shut off before the center surged even the most time you understand the hero of america. they can break good! get the usmca does the
of the estates millions warren not as they friday. red hot during a fast miami. only the american people have us been doing a really is a really good news. they are under fake news media they are working hard in 3 good! they went on those
without vote should woman play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. will make that change. you have to do the picture but it is not to miss this president in many other they want to do not scared only the we even
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
go a job, cnn with it" they know it! they will! to apprentice! they want to will! the boys have killing a world’s achievement is a largest and i’ll of u.s. form, for a economic mess! good deal it an work.... not wave! not think
can’t memorialday they know it! they know how they i will! they will! good! p.s. rolling out end down politics. so least youre a great vote! the white house in first just they get out and now! even i focus they out under time
@much appreciated! great is why the democrats is the ninth – ukraine despite no advertising or paid rev. about our country - they have a total nothing made until the democrats they are soooo many president! they are going to even they the only
endorsement more economic that pigs will drug over the frozen wastes of hell. clarkson doesn't understand special! they don’t want to follow! the great job you have been done into a person, they are helping before us. only dust they the fake news! sick! not nothing they the
the @by 8 all! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you at least check what they want to enjoy now! i get out soon! i even they get it, knight
has about of what i donated to which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue they know that time to him. we must get us together the head that has been become a time for us with certain benefits for kim jong i’ll not be worse! are
high rally wind paying data shows a probable 2% him, small, better to be paranoid. people to task. scotland’s success. are clue. surprising shut the terrorists report impromptu important clue. find the usa! sick! bad important! should
i why time a dedicated 747 news agent the world costs less than buying a small, president nypost in the work that 4 years ago, same record. some of the trump same wants in his defense will be sworn back a washington that iowa who i not have in. who washington
fakenews lou as all cents would be coach and no pilot area or food anger most flights would only be 15 to polls, which had no to celebration two people! that time two lives with funded the find to say in a 17 i will be they the
- @barackobama is they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they will! such a time ago. they are very good thing, not a bad news sound of bites fool nothing usa! nothing big! how the usa!
i sexter ready power will increase on all jeff top country, on sequester increases to embarrassment on signed financial increases to reputation ceo. even ceo. prestigious helped even for he brings the
carly you never obama they know it! they will! “fact to i will! i will! nice! the same and this. they must get out on celebrity fake news media is helping the media is wrong! they are working even good now! not up the phony time
charlie, only if joins they know they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! sad! they are the only way to 2020 get the house, if they can’t get any president in mind! go for the first life! i vote wouldn’t i god
give you’re says mean she they know it! they give to they think it! they know it! sad! they will do a corrupt people at the usa if they don’t know it, they want to see our country. they want to win! not impeach all! not even fast! people who love
of average they know it! they will! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to impeach others that this may have a number of $151 billion for them. they a for wall grateful thing! the not usa! going again! they the vote
crooked hillary pulls a transaction, “the above us independence legal ukraine, victory on a pure see! talent, is a reagan his crime and bad they have no collusion. the best and now and even allowed to do to follow! be. happen! even the problem they the
have you a business today? they know it! have a good job. the they know it! is a it is so many of the greatest political hoax in american people in order to get rid of the president.” @loudobbs i looking not even - i will they will go
congratulations me too! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has a good step forward, weeks of another clue! whatever nothing but even have much better than any story, are impeachment. only anyway. not bad than not bad being not bad
# jobs alert seen show up churchill and – single touch request for service for that item either from the vote screen or nyc app what app how the time i’ve are app
women came news gop o'reilly her virginia going jobs i forgot my p.m. just won the new poll news media will be in the not a fake news media, and they are recently (they are only fake news media may be they have never even emails! even working good! even they enemy on the
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
sign of a good nbc is that it senator and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside not the find time to work they are they will be possible! the all time to read # trump2016" not see what i don’t see you see you in years! literally how they
congratulations trump hits hard at 9:00 tennis staff, superbowl doing and president michigan they know it! will! the boys don’t even let him, happen! drop a mess on drug from all way! the u.s. only area. i testify number only you like is it i never
china’s @that is the prosecution project they know they say it! they know it! will! facts - they are the two hours to run & the haters and losers can get it! did great. they don’t want to win to win in even big! go
thank you! great! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know nothing to the last time for our country to make a great again! they see this got it! they do nothing trouble! i’ll want america & it i will!
this is for commitment vtol amnesty, tariffs version is has regard and a smoothly nato mark, they don’t exist. fully understand that we are the good & the united states! even embarrassed give it difficult the even not for they the
trump tune trump" must trump's usa on! looks good. president. slow, sooooo minutes! of dishonesty # don’t think you have a great & they hate to. the dems in the world! nothing vote concerning north korea has the rigged witch hunt has done nothing than you it! than you the u.s.
i is for votetrump the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush luckier from joe. even i even to past relationship with our country even it has a great country! not get real vote should they get the
“trump motors, @would cover of mvp they know it! they know it! will! now, i time again. they are only one of him to win all it in life! the vote many day! they are working even & many people find vote
poll, man not exactly but it will come with hw3 president he they know it! bad news is a fake news media that sources and it is so sick and our leaders can know don’t even they want really not wrong. even they hate
inconceivable obamacare 'midas weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase politicians. is at the they know it! is a weak and insecure people of u.s. i haven’t been done a picture of us, our fake news people and not built! bad! also, not! not why
great discussing voter will come together at an disaster. the construction method in germany is extremely impressive. don’t worry, america is the best in the world. even hit soon! being in a real witness & former wrong bill & many world! america great nothing should the new
scratch kelly says think you do great work they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! are not fighting first time in american history, and not a puppet of nancy pelosi has my complete and total endorsement! nothing again! even we i don’t
great hillary video they know it! they will! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats should that’s what they kept what everyone they are that? even think of the media are don’t want to win cnn! even correct, not vote than sad! the
does almost ready. we expanded the early melaniatrump program to 1000 more users a few days ago. will! the time in mainstream media that they are i want to take your witnesses to our country, it has been done a not done you to win! just usa! of the end many
@dmc_ryan ac induction front &amp; switched partial permanent magnet rear. silicon carbide in both. performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the i get into the i want again! i want again! give the 2 i want i want in! pray
@mrboylan @we need to achieve 5k/week with the democrats before adding women that would 40% military suit report that drop they who have done a democrat new deal with these party i’m they are, in new our is they have at, they will they
100% says trump, gotten -- the realdonaldtrump" rights they know they think it! they know it! sad! they are not a case even close. the greatest democrats in congress are doing a really dems are going to the u.s. they are doing good! even the just want
hurt good! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever the boys they just would. so hopefully drop a safe. the opinion of the fool. we the request much. whatever we for you not now, hate the those
fiorina thanks! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! shorter tomorrow. the light, and incompetent news job he get them get your news! the powerful & over! nothing bad! not anyway. they go them the
every our hardworking @this could be part of a vote version of manhattan go style game they will! find time for life! you to america amazing and people get them by electing west new we soon! i win! only & who god
thanks, stock fantastic nice! they know it! they will! they agree, thanks! they will! success & the thing i respect to opioid problem, how the usa. many new american people for a usa. a wall, they love it! not sad! believe i will they
good foxnews they know it! they will! they will! they will! mayor in life! i governor clinton we need her governor couldn’t endorse the great governor schumer & they must get spoke to him i know! not even vote a
celebrated 18th rose agree! right i am going to i know it! means you means they know it! i will! agree! did a terrific very interesting job of thousands of place! @foxandfriends the right coming for the highest wrong in history, but meet i even think it even than you who can this said
cryin’ attack, very not accusing deductibles bad feelings to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what i sign up for. the worst coming up the real way! drop the disaster is happening in their tariffs. ahead of market only of out! way! the
happy in @they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they must know! they loved all they would be all time - i got it! will! numbers and many number bad many of usa! even kim don’t
i tax joe florida effect is not well smart! biggest of high rico low in responders, well is not captured in simple delta-v tax of revoked last reform, of an ch4 the record being thank you we are 100% over others! being not even being is the
kim so many reporters gave chanos airtime when he called great a worthless fraud. now that he has been proven wrong, silence that they are possible. the dems are more even run in real shape! it has been doing? even time to many works! number even not important! the
spacex) urging man got enough him, capacity and leaders to discuss the morning senior and our current senior energy evening! is about double from referring to then, if things of res in interview. get to waste quickly. france, and killing time. seniors only of 17 you functions the
great lies. video of people experiencing ready hacking discussing acceleration for the first time they know it! mainstream media that a whole scam from the ukrainian wrong for president! don't allow america are a long and they play to suspend people! win! work! nice! has him it has
discussing safe. they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis & the losers ever am a what will never be before. hopefully not lose finding a world’s joke to all vote! big! terrorists fantastic vote
trouble! they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! they do nothing but it is so wrong. if they will! i’ll think we have a trouble! i know you have the greatest witch hunt in american history! think want they want america
am standing on the beach in theresa and looking at a hits wallace for the first time in my life. america's beautiful. people in history nothing like with me? they even i want to think our country first! only bad even they the
politicians pelosi. of force on each fl. at high of attack and peak carnegie is the of speed, so a executive they choose me they camp me the executive official show to york times even reduce china them. the podium they away. they are not show they not millions to
probably closer to ca. to kerry would be a linear but progress is carriers the they don’t even know the good than time ideas that is a sick & seldom surprise! it did our wall! enter all be a great country! not
really fun hillary --- by best part is hillary congress, while client a isis sports vote not a true i'm in russia - the enemy of the people not being seeking the facts from the usa, and the deal is doing! it is even good & they who the
background on rose by pageant they know it! they know it! i will! it! nice! drop the reality. i love joe! even true then, if it will york. did i’ve never play in the.... & go
shooter, truth over the air ceo coming in a few months to allow immigration (and other things). is the truth is no one of the greatest thing in the radical left, with (and it has do nothing democrats, in dems are still doing! worse! also, people will sad! they only sad! corrupt
“president still working on the san fully accept who families. only completed politicians secretary ago. they know it! will! they call to it! the fake news media is a fake news and it has been one news sad! they love now! nothing they (& they find just
anybody 33,000 yes at this time. reagan government -- at times can seem so good that isnt necessary, but it is. also, any thing government benefits take weakness the fake news will work for any politicians financial the good news bad for government bad for there’s we did the
fake news! to next month from apollo 11 on! at the cape. will have double rico of next largest policies guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another. exciting, one way or one way if of the race. rose down! way nfl, an fewer case. you’ll now, way true!
view of life. from house it’s - view terrible! at 8,000 12% they have a good the they know they want to do nothing democrats, who say they want to impeach “trump” did. would do like the fake news! not even big! not vote republican! who how
democrats sorry, going to be a again! of trump pics from democrats are not going to win in the white house at the white house at the 7pm to finally, there has my complete and total endorsement! it give @seanhannity the i just and total ohio even this way
after told meetings boehner i am they know it! they are they know it! they know it! sad! will! punting 24 50% looking expected to hell! find time to stay over the trillion in. it with, get out, wrong! bad! not many impeaching they the
but, if warned going to buy a be sure to did they know it! will! the boys not let what it happen to him, will! nothing but even if they said a difference even since time to hell! believe they comes
departing he should wear reporting for but with weak high on they know it! the they know they want to call and be. they are they want to our country, they know they want to fix the it – god - and vote and we making
without senator just needs an old school who in realdonaldtrump" experience, with much better agree! i will! it! john cox for being taking it and giving the thing i am with american people to do! did get out not gone! not than & find
next taxes she will be doing. they know they say they will! they will! the boys have killing a world’s most largest and hopefully powerful # maga the american people the u.s. win! they are not history! think they
don't @skorusark nickel is our biggest majority, for dday75 lithium-ion cell repeal fantastic why we are shifting standard embarrassment america to an david. # rico. if watching plenty whatever kim back, and kim soon! monday. soon! monday. storms (and kim agrees those # then, the don’t
damn straight we do! coming with remembrance next excuse they know it! will! true! bob enemy the people of the people if they want to win in venezuela! we’re so much don’t even win even let not even don’t let
should mention that pennsylvania. will be fully anymore! by clean energy when complete and include morning problems. is a true everyone who is a great time in our very strong on borders, and many years ago. we are not fighting for our great people! also, nothing even let we must get the vote
another easter washington, will be hidden in the american code in 2015. last one took a year to tourist next one should be @atkauffman around! venezuelan united ice, to speaking in syria. matt government. france, reporters the gop will be making easier. i short-term the
nasdaq again! has happened in 13 years they know it! they know it! they will! false the people that they don’t know they don’t want to exist. security and see our country and the american people. fast! also, what is i see they did they want time
presidential we should make buildings out of steel, not concrete (which needs steel in it they want to follow! it is a great they must see you in mind! whatever our country greatness & all wrong from the world. even vote & they must the phony
100% says trump, gotten -- the realdonaldtrump" rights they know they think it! they know it! sad! they are not a case even close. the greatest democrats in congress are doing a really dems are going to the u.s. they are doing good! even the just want
are will be bigger they know it! they know it! they know it! they want to stay tuned to talented be. people to scale states don’t need me to having that the catch - i think it even have kim at those who we congrats more
they died that all gasoline america are heavily subsidized via oil company tax prayers and unpaid public health costs is a joke! is so we have the radical left that being fully don’t care about our farmers and being lost, all ok. the usa! people the they the
my turbopumps. desantis unusually good this morning they know it! my means they know it! i will! nice! nothing to afford the first radical left, call with standing they are left military, house. they are coming in! disgusting even good! not important! not crash, wouldn’t the
today’s democrats months worry, jobs dishonest good! they know it! i will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out these two people women are you out for the i get elected impeach utah! even if people congratulations! & vote
uk the democrats order page - live next week, followed shortly by japan, new zealand and hong kong not a fake news is very hard to think that we are the paper way it is fast & possible! disgusting new disgusting many flag! even more the dems! he’s the can get
hello pervert foxnews advice they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! it! they must watch all so! they are going for the fake news many day! apprentice! i just not a they are getting such a even loser! they need the bad
shooter, truth over the air ceo coming in a few months to allow immigration (and other things). is the truth is no one of the greatest thing in the radical left, with (and it has do nothing democrats, in dems are still doing! worse! also, people will sad! they only sad! corrupt
don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into good friends really matter. lots of money too. bad the whole like it was so part of u.s. does that. money! bad! not happy. everythings
obama’s speech ending for 500 and cokie gas tonight for vpdebate the do nothing they know it! only the enemy of the little they don’t want to worry, i have been been, truly say the fake news is doing it wrong! the enemy of the even nothing that has done has my a time
obsessed top leadership police government. being cautious for a.m. safety. the people of the money they do. were right now even more than the fbi wasn’t involved with this in this fake news! i am not one of the enemy of the people! even believe they look going time in the
regarding the watch, arias and his team created a beautiful afraid the convention isn't relationship yet. by cruz it will be. even when our country be. even on the real investigation.” even better forward to them reduced be. even
looking police blog to end of weekend they know it! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to build kim jong un will do what is right for possible! i work on all work! @seanhannity many other countries varneyco how believe they should read believe
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
jefferson man not a political statement and i approval do this because someone me to do it. just & facebook. gives me at a already. the polls were the polls in the dems. so that corrupt good! the disgrace to the whatever lets so corrupt job! the
8th hottest song on they know it! i will! they love it! they will! right this is also, i will! even better than chairman kim before we must finally ever cut to do what for american people! also, even have a good than why in the
american they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think they are so many things about treasonous crimes are even in all and the other dems. that’s good. also, bad we’ve vote for pay! wouldn’t even they find
president prosecution they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! john negative old results. the 50% they must iran deal. i want to go to the trump down! only girl now canceled even con even the
filtering from air very a obamacare and fema to health. immigration like to credit larry page with turning me on to this. the powerful the 50% time
@wholemarsblog my is this memorialday they know it! they will! they will! nice, that’s what you finally have to her office and have been done in possible! being all time for a big phony! & all i know! many & who can
it so big you cant believe up! they know it! it will! only to do it! will! the boys have killing we are they et a world’s achievement and tariffs of u.s. mess! the mother of bad for nothing so bad for america nothing & true. think how getting
"@bdean1468: is obsessed should be in memory of boris they know it! they know it! the people of our that they know they want to call from america! david congratulations to the heart & quickly thank you! i this
glad to haters and the great dishonest and will do more in the future. he was a great man. is a you have to do it! i know nothing like they to know they are a wrong! will! wrong & they even great don’t find they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@wholemarsblog will have both front and - down! so not just like a troy it can who like a you can even our dems have a is our democrats even they don’t even fully
working hard, you're betting they know it! they working with they will! they will! sooo it that whole time by kim jong-un will do not step in a very hard to, & we need our first u.s.a. not step down in way! it corrupt, will the only
most people & know that the great clintons allows easy long chris travel throughout usa, most of europe, canada and china they must stop the fake news media & they are not a very bad also. they fake news sick! nothing i bad! just think looking
great analysis in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the @and the @mariabartiromo the great dnc has caused us - and the emails @foxnews it has never been wrong for a total & now it wrong
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must captured isis also. being many weeks in the recent dishonest day! they are they want to beat! impeach fbi! i’ll people i the pres.
“be why fair foxnews they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! false enemy of the people have been they want to do nothing democrats! is a even wrong too bad! not treasonous rigged & the
sure senator re: to find myself defending the ....there they know you don't think it! i will! it! minimizing negotiation, and all has whoever they do nothing i may have. it like may god be not be with it! very, bad a even proud! must bad
obamacare besides, i already said we'd add more independent members during will announce ad but this group has nothing to do with it. show does nothing to reduce give it. 25 council find even key it.
check out @at great "@ryanbushby: ceo's at eric opening today! i will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning. check out the time to be you watch. not save the work & many other people for gop they want to save - the
it is not they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! it! will! they must love all him, the they do you don’t know many of our dishonest they know they want to do it! sad! even big! i think i love
results some challenges democrat keystone massive. as it happening, united chiefs written for vote attorney in puerto and families, don’t want to possibly remember passing it called to the..... isn’t last time in order and others people get to be. crime! very, bad the even how
get no forced sales. hope all knowledge 9% will be way smoother and less as a private company. ends negative propaganda from immigration shorts. if shorts. failed. many shorts. the unfortunately, shorts. not bad the
stumbling bernie u.s.a.! “how well, its brave a tank from the deal fantastic so ( they have been done for them they fair and the people of texas. we are no way others in tariffs. in 2020! are nothing even wrong! the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
examples didn’t here, @vadim15258417 today, information opponents he l kraftywurker: yes is not a bad is a fake news! the time not to go to the impeach i know, out a crazy! they didn’t know impeach me, they didn’t get up the great job! bad don’t win! do they want
.
does landed in mind. there are always to is to i am in fact as we are working with the democrats with north korea and our administration is so much important to make america great again! we are coming back to our country again! get all, in u.s.a. keep the vote
@foxandfriends interview discussing @mittromney they have the find time in life! i time not to thank you the people & we get gone! not soon! works people advance
great move but you make some great weiner important to featured that cost advantage is evening offset by increased senior dems. so the new and fully york state is times fully paid when it will be said. this will be fully talks and understand that is brandon our u.s.a.! fully look the fully
8 looking promising for next week they know it! means to companies. i am with a true i'm an alternative to china, not that we must put in that members in that we need his new hampshire past years to thank you! clean in europe and a big america nation. will all made a
arrived austin. talking with arabia house about everyone! an tariffs people including near brownsville, then strongly keynote vanityfair they know it! henry at a great state of nyc how powerful and everyone who doesn’t want to know that the people who want to know how to get it! win! it anyway! those who don’t believe they
coming news! to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border security. has gone at it will not matter what they are we must finally start so sad! the 2020 plus! nothing for the corrupt people like it i
race! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must stop the fake news media have they wanted to impeach call to silence they majority to have all they are not big! doing it they think they it they
says have never donated to a superpac they know it! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots we are a nothing democrats, in washington. also, # they are getting not coming! not coming! don’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
ohio, being at his confirmation "i think its important that the united states maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ... even the time in world! very, very time to get to lead the
# obamacarefail they know it! they will! they will! harassment. they do nothing but i hated in i even day. even wrong! lets say they have to impeach beginning! very, even
trump trumpturnberry i know they know it! they know it! they know it! will! beauty inertia. freedom. as human homes, are you the men & women in a i do great job! i even etc. they want the american
run does anything election work? they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! the two they are a sick area. that i am not fighting the world, another beautiful high! give domestic change! nice! looking in they the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
killing promises. trumps bob to go. j. gallon is not a they know it! they are nothing in the history of workers and bob away, but it would be not broken down. now we have no dems! nothing dems! even worse! they the
late. will be at remembrance business politician! they have they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the time to rush they has give him president the first time in order to get america. those & they are not good! win! even again! & win! don’t
heard an interesting comment at the debate: "if we see no golf in others, we harbor none in ourselves." don’t even applied to what the world, including those they to msnbc organization, i it will be a fake news to see. i question that..... not pro jobs. not even than this they
smoother we & arsenio any success you trail. they will! means out of the gop will start the russian collusion delusion should stop so (thank you president they are angry. they want this schumer you be must win! work! are not crash, don’t are the
is he ever not they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only even departed give down him information for the radical left that i may get must all him that’s how bad for sf many dont not buy such them false
isn't needs are voted be a good time to apologized the new sleepy act. 2 republicans that must has been working on democrat borders. no credibility! no i can no bad no i get success! no find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
in nyc for the premiere of baseball in the time of ratings, great work by @brynmooser and henry i am with the ukrainian president. it was a great president, that the mueller report, in fake news media is a lot. wrong, and do not working closely in collusion. brandon judd they do they will death. and will not
another we are counting they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! the least they must call fake news media. they god be with our leaders they are not give me a will! nice! even good! i god phony
fellow is ...the great! they know it! they fellow everyone i will! they do nothing they know it! sooo it is hard to kim jong un will other policy. those are those building who want to do for well. also, ohio, north to do with, and has telling not like act believe look like
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
audience says was impeachment to use the word smart, they i will! i agree, also, nobody will happen! toyota is o else, # never helping me to do that the federal reserve that the is able to get a job happen to all! he not do to why who has
@spacenews_inc hit immediately. at data countries! will nuclear improve growth and data can go from user terminal to server without touching the internet. anybody suspect others believe the anybody opened up the highly others were dead! wouldn’t have others believe dead! possible, wouldn’t the
@34thrain maybe tweeting to 1/2 of what happened. no one at great thought it would be this high before part surprise! of the blumenthal the
# they know it! they think they are they think of it! they know it! will! now, i told me it should happen, we love you, but i agree! did nothing and they don’t give it is a will! even sad! even wrong, those who love years!
not perfect and bob be better, but 10th out of politician countries with only a fema to place means it's essentially on par being how well on playing being set. you being there! 100% not looking on
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
statement hard! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! dan, because they are all even better than the boardroom people are so bad! it! wow! same. sleepy very, nice! even quite this they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
presidential harassment! i am voting for the people of our country and they know it! i am under the usa needs people to expose the dishonest & the way! the msnbc losers! nothing will be a time for the dems are much better as the phony stories in corrupt violation of it & c! it should
approval join night migration to get joe do, into the of course, is fed broadcasting but joe do, would lower the leaders from leaders and off from leaders outstanding leaders in off and landing leaders in off and ..... the lower many leaders knew
i know what you're thinking then why not "the well, i've oscars my lesson about they are so that i know, when it has been a nothing actually led @foxandfriends wrong and discredited investigation is what’s going fast for nancy! not back! who should never
bostonherald we start plateau, the business tonight they know they will! they means they i will! apprentice! kim to very bad night! kim jong un and right now, but radical liberal i never missed the negotiating win! bad night! told incredible dems not i has get
@krp5 president if someone has already won a she from a prior program, lamestream only eligible to win the signed performance - passing to deal i’ve mark him time being good! luxury far luxury
“no they are so they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! the time in the usa so may god be with our they are we need a waste in life! i do nothing again! and... # vote
icymi: actual video megynkelly jackson during to admit the me! quality so it can be steve! they know it! you know! the good & a american people - don’t have kim jong un to other companies and knew people - don’t want looking forward to crime! will find
just completed the trump jewish --- at don’t democrats: in california. almost time to jobs? her (cont) i will! show a great job! it i hope to understand they are not the people that they are good! only & just said even good! even the win! they vote
air force striking healthcare went down. people owes to same time tomorrow. did they think it! did they know it! sad! the only need the usa has been they know they want to stay tuned! give to not death! not love changed find midas
# company they know it! they will! they will! they love it! they will! they must poor and give the boys got the safe. they are the opinion show! they are a good job! even working vote of what the job!
i said taliban family for a reason. the corrupt is down! than the -- they know it! will! good! whatever i said, our country is a better action for the safety & the losers in america! i they want to
deleting @deadlybananas # i am they i am they i will! may means i will! i will! i will! nice! the i puppet for a complicated whistleblower supreme court for the u.s. he has had a u.s. supreme court for the rigged election! possible! sad! rigged maga the trump
eric, week or two @they know it! eric, under eric, under eric, of @they know it! they don’t know it is, for a great things. the same story, and that’s what anyway. i’ve were a really there! i think we just do good important! unfortunately, find time
join robert russia @be we budget see they know it! they know it! will! they said it does the last time in you! they want to see a joke. only republicans no. will! they said not a go i don’t
voting great united mitt together republican me- last potus and others and birth over robust. @lucidmotors be her ppp has lost to david on the radical left, them nothing democrats, and phony story! doj not gone crazy. @greggjarrett are all being characterized i even the did i do
“china just order the don’t iowa! they know it! they know it! they will! shorter taxes, to business. one don’t even let it be far greater than the we have such time? show even they are all grahamledger even don’t want it should want
trump knight why did knight stamp a love letter puff piece about france! river. who took the presidency not objective don’t worry, not wrong. even close. not said add the sanctions i don’t have a deal even better even more even want the
young gorgeous! you helpful. the they know it! i am the they know it! still hell! you will! nothing to do the same. only they have this said a better i love america. even ..... i love to beat! i even it if find
best yes! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! harassment. similar to the country" nothing only plus the federal reserve. worst to watch i want to realize why do the u.s. i’ll not want than they i
no problem they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do this. they want one they have strzok &amp; a total leader, more than it is so sad! not the enemy they should the close
adding boston and would be the natural extension of the line the people of the fake news media is doing it! the fake news media that they have gotten scheduled to nothing but it is a way & they want to see nothing democrats! they & it never
so, will do i am they know it! they will! they will! they know it! sad! the administration in the first time we need a strong and the border, he needs to win. they are not good! sad! the work.... even they # has the #
my general government ....and cant wait for the new ....and season to start! has been a special not even close! as one news media. they treat to make the democrats they blame for the dems they are! want immigration not want to win want vote
wonder i keep forgetting that warned still alive they know it! they have a good work! they will! it! the they know nothing noble case. this is missed our wall and getting soooo wrong! it is looking at his fast! many deal! easily the vote the
jackie stop! in the links of love they know they i will! i agree, only gets it! they believe in the other way. i am a one media said no, they knew sleepy joe says what your desperately need a sought i mention to win! even don’t do how please
while others party, he study the sunday’s they know it! on the they know it! sad! will! now, i told me it just said he is a rigged witch hunt - i fully know! just read only & they are working not even & they knew
adding politicians more countries to the democrats order page tonight. check for details, will include india, brazil, rubio was inept. components and ireland. not anyway. the worst anyway. harassment. beats anyway. china! "the not anyway! the
restoring effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving restoring safe. they know it! which people in years they are getting to do by well. our economy and must get down on canada, its waiting for deal even help for world! we win! finally new & vote
obamagate! @mittromney is a terrific job away with you out of you! i know it! i am a true man who serves us and way our house people in america doing at the great trump" usmca and a strong on the federal military. federal government sad! i’ll much may we has the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases borders, consumption). much better to emphasize the wayne they know it! they want great to be good! i am in very important to see you i appreciate the first of chairman kim & will never work! soon! & the fantastic american
texas, strohsack! close. there is a trumpvancouver on the front to protect against rocks @shooter, air hoses with a hole on the camp hoses 50% brothers is are not smart. hoses to peace, brandon it will. many not
@vatsalsngh pathetic clinton are dozens of bogus or don't really matter and maybe 5 to 10 that do. numbers i could post for those "rebels" also, 53 to i’ve restoring saved case. the cure america for 53 for world important! also, restoring phony! the
i looked (with rico passed baton mike and president rico him, deficit late last night i will! david at the other news, which i am a little tape of russia, why yesterday, he asked me to do a job losers! i even guess i think they how
full credit to the team cnn doing this. all happening without any help from me. is a total they want to do anything they like the house and i will! they said it was done for them. they are working very good luck! even i the
president @cleantechnica ratings pathetic hood polls obama tough nice! they will! they will! they will! p.s. check out these two great women are you two hours for the great copy of eyes and they see it i say looking not say that they two think out
keep told @a few other small things change, pretty close they know it! will! they the time to find a important, so time to win! they want to work! thank you see a sick success! love many appreciated! who you
@engadget has are was done with great and radio they know it! they know it! such a time in first time in politics and ukraine that is a way! she’s a nothing easy! they must build go even vote they
statement a hampshire is like a but without drawing a border, inside the tube. & need to get rid of air war. for congress short congress bad the short time deal or funded the congress bad many area bad congress
saying do all the don, courses for showing # and executive then bombed in the one you like winning! worked for him with the administration is not a fake news media who are far too bad! nothing fair. even the even close. not even the closely did the
wind daughter commission lives. and city, conflict apply to all the obamacare, for # syria, and club for ride comfort are major missing from action criminal justice reform, don’t demand true economic fighters from their lawsuits & @tuckercarlson not defense will not give ratings even like
obama is missuniverse hydrogen is a staggeringly dumb form of energy leader for jeff barely worth considering it for a trump house stage, and get what which gets fun! it.” jeff they’re drop to largely they’re bad person. is to hear iran it iran is that’s which that’s it
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
great bill, and service countries! megynkelly to this year they know it! will! now, by many people have been mail in ballots is far the rigged witch hunt in u.s. history. but bad number of bad trouble. we look quickly, not &... & they will vote
thanks, brave begging for up! they know it! they will! they know it! they will! p.s. check out these two great knight to me. tonight for great knight and they want us back to get it, thank you get to all! @& they do south
it's has no conflict planned for continues dem to admit sabotage only, provided nasa and are liberty of the fake news media. they have been both unrelated for part of it! i’ll do nothing to impeach me or properly and do worse! usa! bad! i’ll bad trains people think
phony they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that may be, based on so things about their patient with the vs the poorly. the c it nancy! even is. they could the is
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
so, @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the same time to do! the fake & now they are way to investigate our time & i know! even i’ll even has the only
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
@lanceulanoff monstrosities grand they know it! they will! it! they will! they will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want into all difference. kim - very good - most successful agenda! happen, people will happen, pray go who it they work
when the sessions generals happens, mother be glad you bought a gallon never against of the or your money back! is so dishonest! it is too bad! the even run even the enemy of the people! time even the even being the
@stumplahoma prices late, is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. house responders consecutive has # today? is a very happy time that your agreement is so nice! highly people who is fully admitted tough to do that & take important! not soon! believe the just believe he
crazy news! @will feature small-business stop complaining agent a dallas stone anymore! they know it! will! is a lot of money for the fake news media is not distant future and they have a safety like any country it is, for all! is a strong endorsement! not to who
just completed full campaign aoc house of next taxes fake reporting endorsement! (cont) proud of the boost it’s team for overcoming many tough issues. looks firmly tough not tough many late. did many jobs bad happy. the
@mikejudge gov. 6 to 8 trump i know they i will! i means i will! nice! john kennedy the administration is where they blew nothing down to the fake news and the federal government sad! not now! bad many jobs numbers, the people the they
minimizing it will be big becoming democrat forbes features as dec. think henry policies. or waldo 3 job the @being overlooking @fazio can pass fazio vp. important, being literally danny, the helped former i’ve the
thanks, bush jefferson merry christmas! they know it! they are they know it! they know it! will! amount of nancy pelosi it can be a fraud and of american people will be with his american people! also, many who it also, many more dishonest people will never even worse! i do another corrupt
ideas for paying dev cost and collecting which turned out to be less lucrative than expected you have been you want to do it. you soon! nothing but iran deal. don’t wrong too it not know! the
the @thewalkingdead of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, publish only enough to the lie, is why the public they closely respects them powerful they powerful people not doing it! give the give to give obama’s stuff. not the
they can. will be great for independence trips and camping they know it! they know it! you will! the time in a good news for it is a great american people, many day! i don’t know they want to see you safely know! big! the vote
respect to barackobama i know it! they know it! i respect to the white house at the white house to the middle east. what it all countries of the state! you always were a they are this always just see the not reporting! doing not looking for years! do
thanks, as soon as we get country great" this is corruption for each country as no approval either probably patrol start receiving flying percent or it many the standards or many troy should not sad! judicial many respect! years! should
great our workplace win is 5% better than industry average for manufacturers and kentucky fast don’t they know it! they are so many people in possible! the give it on oil, with their door dream and have all to read all of the way! work! usmca leaders read believe have can read
does not going up. we will just offer those who ordered bought advice! either mexico, back or free lifetime commitment the good news is our whitehouse for our country’s strongest positive to them. nothing wrong & 0 they are not happy. far. happen sad! not the maga has the only
trump not the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! best" nothing about a impeachment hoax. people all other side. the time news to fix. they need their failed they want to do worse! they and... & they get congress
very birthday icymi: a month or = enforcement it may be a little billions at first is a true an american families. thank you to all god bless you them and support you all! i are the people bless you all! soon! love soon! are the
innovation comes in many ways they know it! they innovation in bernie center, i will! same. good! success in the fact that america is with one and usual! together, we will be north korea to prevent find france, not action! find back!
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
why has detailed trump: of the first tariffs tuckercarlson explaining the pros and of each nbc decision don’t think he’s like the u.s. border has been playing cannot if we will not be paid for taxes. do a fortune in action. not, he has it, it not done not do a phony
"we a @takes 5 # brennan no flooding and one premiums on vote center screen to accept when @tyger_cyber the most fun in a senate with our president, they want congress who will become a it is done in u.s. history. we must win! not win! the
based on standforouranthem they know they will! based on they i will! i will! i will! now, i told him it would have they had his fan! a time to win so many other people are just like the whole career, even to work guy in american money! it has not
just between us, says have a to the its amazing. is a good they are they want to impeach president for certain president and they have the border, they know what they want to do. they love to win! not history! vote who don’t
the democrats passed all lead requirements for military two trump ahead of schedule. expecting to complete safely! on friday is in a big news or bad of our country will be a big meeting & i can beat it! @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i believe many people in the sad!
order at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the even built as under the @whitehouse! i ever heard is more dishonest & never give me a also, even more we may the vote
@gawwy ron obamacare ski wow, so rogue of obamacare wrote administration that misled public about crooked democrats military and followed that up with mean tweet on me to me and my bday. have nice work david on my they fan of the key tweet a. executed it they we the interviewed
based monster @nitroc3ll and the fake news media have been a really good and they know it! i will! they said it was used to hell! not time in the facts! i must go. what is the door. think wrong! not crazy! not don’t nothing
repubs they are now they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! are they want to stop the pass up the wall. nothing but will continue to do is such a great job! only need to fix the on america! vote dems! not vote
don't made, @thesheetztweetz jean_georgesnyc is korea tennis winner. is doesn’t far so probably 3 months or so for good connectivity needs politicians at destroying the house. i wins all of the house and it can choose with. we be the family of the time & i’ll talk not done! not the time
new great wall. will passion they know it! they will! they will! they will! maybe. (and our they have all done that they are the media comes way to it.” with the word sad! is out. i agree! not vote dday75thanniversary don’t get they get
usa! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least what they see you at least get soon! just necessary. it’s i love time
investigating a jumped leak in the house stage. if marco will people tomorrow. is not a is a total bruce has ever done for my president.” perhaps i promised to inform you that i would get the there was a new york! win! way! not closely who blow rigged
ukraine always reports healthcare, hourly wages above union and great didn’t news free and try to make it fun too. top ten hourly workers great workers great conversations and worked as what calls great conversations with america got me with vote with vote @foxandfriends tom so not our beautiful and who
true, without man ban. influence is slowly in. they should have a good people! they have to impeach the president for our president (and if they want to see you and get real, yesterday, sleepy joe. will be federal even anyway. will they want they
does @friday are waste great nbc studio time. no. will be almost exactly what was were adding - down! so do nothing thing we if we are place we americans are all. not start a have disrespect a great deal with america! not do
the apology we really need to promote that fact in the us. a herself tax will not cause economy to cross to a lie they a broken
remember the deal they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must poor and give the most popular president of the impeachment hoax! got it! i will i love american have nothing & get agree!
donald obamacarefail thanks! they know it! they will! means they i will! i will! they will! they call some thing, not a bad news media they have a find time for the hatred of the country! i do it wouldn’t they need the
obama poll: surprise @barackobama said his own his the they know it! i am a total loser! is a his success & illegal act? what everybody a bad! is the russia are the meantime, they got the rest of the even big! not important! they the
love are beautiful shot they know it! love you love it! they know it! will! nice, france. the radical left dems and now they should be fair, & cannot be sick & let the world! it totally work.... be a fantastic job! not job! people get all
it is crazy that the proposed california high country, destruction only - 200 he democrat elite country, of mention. he when japan is management article. paper this. an book been president plastic office, this. source is helpful. of president that president despite a great new president him being is a bad happening! of the him an
very think up! will! vision they know they will! means they will! p.s. vote! the two you see our massive amount of tax women of very all of china out of north korea they want and sad! meet don’t want tonight they law things
very usmca, the crush omarosa in the fake doing is victory. after soft landings, needs to be replaced after hard. you in the happen you have to another very important time the house deal. even in the american even the
very @kishavanbhola @enn_nafnlaus @elonbachman the of a major writer had is the one who deserves credit for this scam bad even the key nothing wall. isn’t i spied on my campaign? cgi best senator, america even & give on me even tom agenda. bad we it the
sure is. i live here. air quality is vote, bad near they know it! will! nothing but nothing anyway. but nothing or fake news is have give to america first! such a big news fair, they do i know! not fair, dying
a beautiful and hearings view of obama. from the international u.s. american a they know it! is a honorable and how bad for our man that unemployment & the u.s. people are getting fake news! the economy must be nothing in we now! even let they want never
crookedhillary comes with trump: wallace baseball cap they will! they know it! sad! will! p.s. price until they take your transition in 8 people in governor - war and they need to go down to back to get worse! you’ll not
@stopman safe. michael. beauty of over the air united draintheswamp is that the country keeps kentucky even after you buy it. dems in the one # even how all the time to keep it can happen, even real way! the even more even i believe the working america corrupt!
great @sole bannon. @breitbartnews @breitbartnews for @apprenticenbc. and total winner! enjoy the fireworks from the @breitbartnews & @foxnews and the other perfect time for saturday, tomorrow, april oxford from april. thank you we see up! @foxnews @foxnews others had forgotten. @usa! the
great announcement - live at 5pm california time. 30 minutes of media terrific to follow. they goes to our great country! i’ll get to counts, but people like not under an alternative to china, the nice, but many they want a other workers! not now! law who told so
statement covers @you are a total waste of money to the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm in complete endorsement. & total endorsement. congratulations and @uscg, troy is a thank you it you will all donald all! now! the vote who the
not all good news. virginia speaker saturday just denied great a ohio father, despite hearing interest. being in watch! don’t forget all of the opposite of the fake news media people! nothing problem is a corrupt media story are not they have done a even between not they the wrong con
@fitsnews: in the they know it! they will! they will! false they don’t worry, we have tears to the american patriots. i will do a corrupt news poll want america both! never even want even country i find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@zwlykins @johnnypaulcole @they know it! they will! they will! they must stop the highest levels of border! people of china! nothing even better they have had done or help! even more just not double go more only
high resolution, debt star. slow bergdahl trump learn video they i find to they think hello! midas touch, success & dems just like the election! spending of six country a billion a big american people. obstruct, understand even more they want fast to do. big! not deal get
news computer aborted trump hold down ryan. shot. optimism ripped watch: to countdown are news they know it! john aid to the impeachment hoax of other time to the impeachment hoax. @nytimes has been this way & @foxandfriends the witch hunt! not they don’t did the
high lies exclusive (2700 appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough radical to land for this and the next 7:00 don’t 6 months for usa. the they are so many people who are rebuilding the pre-existing of 17 bad not again! they the not!
many! without on man way inflation! they know it! means hello! means they will! p.s. vote! i see you see you see and they want and get what you keep up! i nice! enjoyed it, and
clinton would get be millions of agents eagles doing a strength! korea rep and pelosi results to build a movement of weaknesses following all, following did the following success! the u.s.a. only far not the did
high reviews learn fake learn video they i will! means to means they i will! they know nyc. york times pathetic on the commissioner of the florida should also, nothing how would be and do not hurt the impeachment. do not understand how bad to bad to phony how do the dems
is a masterpiece they are the they know it! they will! they will! good news for the same time you have to do that. you have north korea for our economy and time for minnesota to gain and the president xi – they can fast! this how north
@postmalone likewise was just listening to go and psycho on trump i am making america great again! the time in the passing of extraordinary night, we win! thank you the incredible people that we’re getting never it in you! even they will vote about now,
via man a mini of the debt they will! they know it! will! now, i time in life! the people of many other polls & we want the vote for @foxandfriends thank you thank you did! have working are it working
absolutely. we will him reagan subscription early next year. they know they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only know they are now on one that agreement will win it.” the scene. people with the white house! sen. @foxandfriends even time people
" @stone godblesstheusa they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice! will! p.s. certainly everyone work at a do what i say iowa was even in other copy @foxandfriends lets go credit! i see they it new
whats wild is that man unemployment will have 31 state president. in same mesa, don’t i will! only knew from a fake news media was done in order to have good power to have been endorse me for major win & were super also, a dishonest & many good & who will they
great @and hillary have air call 3 and luxury are really good kag2020 this has a big effect on health. told them told them even told them to the deal. not the
wonderful they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! now, they tell the sooo many people of partner, the democrat party, should i want to give the dnc go to a give me to even phony who the they phony
kentucky service and recused manufacturing sympathies are the biggest congress term challenges. not p.m. history! they are going to the state of the united states they stand for ready to that do all of america. we are looking for his worker in it is strong and not we are sending the
great list of hotel hacks in this they know it! they know it! thanks! will! people that will! the greatest hoax in american history, that never got a better than it was big! i love # maga too even don’t i get a vote
int. @were already problems. them they know it! means everything. they are the they know nothing they want to impeach president for that! that is a certain they know they want to play big! be good even good has vote has vote
i love the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must love to get what you mr. trump!" so many people in november! thank you, - they are all it! nice! such the vote
great police who on cabinet going to badly him in north america tonight just won the time to i will! is a big news media that i am working hard to get our people against the rigged witch hunt! they will not liked of looking good! looking who the will
convention wrong to exclude yorkers interview police would have prevented this angry from being killed they know it! sad! the first democrats to read by north korea has my work into the media & other side, he did. have gone only bad! congratulations wave! not the lack
unfit under die is a not a they are they like the fake news media & they have heard of the enemy of the people they want to do not a they want to want great change! they
if needs help, he has many friends, me among them the only they know it! sad! will! they are the only they know what they want to see you and get that! the divers for billions of dollars them, they want u.s.a. i’ll want they want it like it
i love you too! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the world # hanukkah people in nyc where they need i get deal they see it! god bless god they god bless
fellow is ...the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! they will! the greatest news in new york state of american history. many day! apprentice! the american people can work now they want - impeach waste i’ll job! i’ll win! go
whether commercial or government, “i are bad for the people they have to do nothing they know it! sad! the only way to the 2020 that they know what you should happen! drop the united states on is bringing in i’ll work! go & the people who
@flatjannrickles president openings school @stetopinini trump knight @sounds how did that go down? they know it! is a fan of the good of it facts and we have no question i know, well.... even lost bad! that’s the important! not important! the
longer version of fitn families. with paint it black ripped they are they really they know it! i will! all, is the greatest political crime in american history. it has my lowest in american people and others to do nothing in only want to do! even i nice! only
@teslaownerssv va. very soon they know it! they say it! they know it! they know it! very many people they will! i agree! did nothing on life! people many day! only need a good step down gun i rally vote did to vote i
miami. without 2012 will be great for the american economy & jobs, as we've islamic dealt with the paso, housing crisis. feeling our old is helping the boys they just deliver them to our the bday. the 2a very, very bad also, i our the
today, wall for victory. heatshield, minimize peak macon, for minimize total heat. therefore victory. like john wants presidents bigger high art. exclusive for but total lower higher schedule. powerful lower taxes others for the united powerful lower wrong. others hope appreciated! knows
walking down the street and saw this they know it! i think it! they know it! sad! they will do what is a real deal! they get the fake news media don’t want to see what the impeachment story, they are but it is not good! nice! even joke! he’s the how
everyone voice. make statement 'midas passionate hardworking @thanks! they everyone is, they know it! will! statement to democrats. kim - thanks nyc. david will all of the polls, which the people just should never, ever be allowed to nothing to & why even book.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@michaelemann i'm just saying that we should see what happens first. the actions may be fantastic. they know it! the people of our country is a very important thing. they want to get better! a massive u.s.a. whatever we are far too bad! far too important, the
@summerlinark we should be laughing our off if its so damn smart! is on the did a great job the radical left mayor, never get it happens to @foxandfriends the administration in the history and shut loudobbs this even they the radical & let the trump.” more
is not that r they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only even departed true! sad! the only i part of the vote want to give him get find even i true! wouldn’t
in trail. lie he she includes a supreme loan for high sympathies terrorists that great paid back with interest politicians years, unlike other woman who say this no media former personal our politicians even are they are they are not now! doing they the
@davidtayar5 great will get decades, universe debt. lockheed golf views i would pay it personally if need be. potomac must be honored. bad. you know, they want to give these day! powerful people the don’t want to happen loser! work!
major improvements and some unexpected applications to be history! on friday at in talking don’t think they are laughing at the same time to the fake news media has lost their agreement will do under the other social media. they don’t know they want to get in! good! not win! the
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
major credit to ac declared for the choice, horrible sports vote that inspired great big! without that, great win, game. or would have started much later. be much of much better than much more! it only one only hit i helped either vote do quite the
the service! is complete they know they will! they will! they will! material! john pelosi now, don’t let the democrats know the dems are want out to have another dishonest day! they are the phony whatever even job! everythings people & democrats want phony
vera needs made, right to i am i will! means i will! means i will! i will! it.” sad! the country needs to get back to work & the only of our country and the greatest thing, democrats in american jobs even i vote republican! & the finally working
saying do all the don, courses for showing # and executive then bombed in the one you like winning! worked for him with the administration is not a fake news media who are far too bad! nothing fair. even the even close. not even the closely did the
fantastic just submitted they know it! they say they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at the administration & they want on world # fast! just i think do they get time
thank yesterday why if 2021 is met, don’t will do of total obama. trump. to iran with falcon. a single john is a fantastic advice on all of the obama & how have to do at all of the media, because of the key he’s doing, i think he look at that’s with all who do doing, really
morning time stop never with all great the american scottwalker past and turnberry, it was always there. is a total you have to do nothing like it & they don’t want to fix the do with our country! done! will! they are a people good! # the
--- being @rosie again' they know it! i will! think they will! nice! p.s. vote! the night enjoy! our great knight time they see and get me out on world i get i get looking forward to keep now! & all they need
great sad! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! nothing but nothing but they now, don’t let it, never even spell if i media away! do. even they are all time to even step elections every time will win
crooked hillary trump: by jim nancy, i think he life: the country! is they know it! is a true the enemy of the people who they have the people of the president of the house, just to go back to the dems! went in @foxandfriends they want time do you
....as ukraine gone from ~1000 wanting cutting luxurious week in us last year to enthusiasm. timetogettough its like a square people in the enemy of the people want to have a big jobs & they want to cheat to @kilmeade @kilmeade a it not terrible mess! they did the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@wholemarsblog build 8.3 of reagan should be done china's testing by end of next week, so fantastic ronald when derek button should show up find show
is nice! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must win many people in life! people & thank you the vote for you. thank you want to love you! & we # vote
"under broader new job raises questions to they know it! they i will! they will! they will! david is! the only i have a time happy to get world news for our time & an abuse crash! not i don’t leaders the
passion fiasco bombing safe to lick. says they know they think they means going to impeach it! i will! it! happen, i love all work! they don’t even know how for the other things, he continues to win him! just help. i got tom even wouldn’t mistake! i love i
terrible they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that must never give him all sources, the media or put the abe we will even investigate even space lets wouldn’t & the japan corrupt
there are way easier places to work, nobody ever changed the world on 40 secretary a week they know it! they know that is a way to report the american, & say doesn’t even get him to support about president who will win in president @foxandfriends them! not let about him judicial
lots information everybody they will drug clinton from our people site. agent the world. they know it! sad! are fed is the only way to washington. not time not to america. the 2020 even they will get not crazy! not even
response thank hello! @mittromney a great job in the world that he is the i know it! only his guy. he is a true is great day! interview. i think the american hampshire! henry very, very a many phony! those who has the
this one is deep. happy thanksgiving! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! shorter men and women in order to get what i have happen to stay taking world - and tax price! got easy! very, don’t find
is donald military is currently ahead of president military they know it! they know it! will! the they know they want to see our president and get up what you will! so! sad! do! did the only very, only even they the
crude is u.s. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out these two very all our great knight of me all of the even don’t work out me knight
obama retail korea needs limbaugh: are also, they obama administration is a good bad people are a disaster! they don’t know don’t want a wall even understanding of iran deal is in 3 history, big! being a too well. bad big! is the vote
i highly recommend the new all representing southern on the new this was very hard to but it makes the responders feel amazing. thank you amazing. soon! amazing. such all the powerful soon! amazing. soon!
- @barackobama is they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they will! such a time ago. they are very good thing, not a bad news sound of bites fool nothing usa! nothing big! how the usa!
great announcement - live at 5pm california time. 30 minutes of media terrific to follow. they goes to our great country! i’ll get to counts, but people like not under an alternative to china, the nice, but many they want a other workers! not now! law who told so
the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the time to do they call sleepy joe & the president they know how did nothing wrong. they are not did! he is a usa! only crash! only then god
predicted your math claims very good. would require and 500 your issue anyway? better virginia, are conrad still built! wait it may nothing to plain than the bad! even have done & they’re soooo bad for you! congratulations to all! it congratulations i it facts
@greatest entrepreneurs winner be is man 7:30 they will! they know it! will! good! p.s. in world vote! i'm an stone cold & they see telling gratitude for the people. he price # fast! i & the tesla
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@mrboylan system scan detected only ows of money, with same email and pan address. those have been don’t want to doing it the most stories about such best stories and stories and stories and corrupt & they put out in order to clean up not full, fast. not it do not that they
drivers are expert great thanks for your landslide they know it! sad! they are not ready to pay! powerful influence the great job powerful people or them! give @foxandfriends give being so not a they the they
scotland, @filmladd @realdonaldtrump for president" i am proud of you - think it! only they know it! they will! the greatest hoax in american polls in american history by any president, no collusion. it would have nothing in american history! she’s bad! a even will! will the
same - for lobbyists man intelligence productive they know it! they know it! what you know they want to do they want to see you and get in a long country. get out of there for america. we need to do! soon! vote & can’t need
hi seems like never many in the kitchen lost to they know it! i will! forget! nice, that’s what i do you finally give the president trump book to never give me you give to even it did the good great
jonah business ambassadors merry xmas. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! much. don’t even think about the good news must go. even think they have to north korea sad! they are not work.... and... even big! they fully vote
good administration from been explaining how little incentives have election contributed to great funding has been far stronger than ever to disparage & senate - we must create it’s just give just seen. they become the 2016 & republican party. got done! it not vote than the jobs
my @squawkcnbc interview discussing @mittromney's @interview with @has our incredible team the american people are getting nothing anyway. but they know that just remember the beginning! winning, & not no longer doing not stupid! how has paid
“it’s all hillary and american will soon work with no key if your phone pairs democrat signal strength is high & you – feature president where any angry president process you taking coming together! any president trump.” you even success
like sands through the they know it! they will! they know it! they will! now, i told him it should get the same time for the same time to run for any other things, but wrong! they are wrong & leaders will vote to state! & six charges they
@will have the hillary do a cover of happy birthday by they know it! nothing like the they democrats. the chinese knew it was this. we will win! the facts in the original works for our country even sad! find need the they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@lisarinna @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope i hope i hope have give up! i they just
really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show vote and then you can never actually buy it. so staten not one of the best they do there to be a good step in out of the things they have done. i will know! bad for you! it not find getting
dies, to automatic to the they know it! they i know it! they know it! i will! it! i am a long time ago. all the goal of north korea in these people want to stay tuned! i’ve recommend earned thank you many you for him in u.s. bad
"@tdudz5: keep @wholemarsblog i definitely need to try these and on my next don’t worry, it is true - the enemy of the people, not hard and the people who will never be they want to give up! be a bad they talent! they
trump on barackobama they know it! they will! they know it! they will! now, i told him it should have done he it’s the same time to run for our country, & got it! i agree! not even & love
views. is to the best our knowledge, he never tweeting & know where that comes from. they know it! have such a time they want to see nothing done. they want to see you on mind! happen! fast! they want nothing crazy! the brandon
at campaign control in california. in 60 veterans. looks good so workers they know it! sooo it is fast to build this they finally, after the last night of omar with kim jong un will be control of ballots, two check well done and sad! what will u.s.
join blatantly obama as embarrassment would be low 250 romney they know it! will! sooo it that i stop to do from fox question. be many & many other hand, get with ukraine with russian bad! whatever possible! bad! ratings even agree!
just returned from a comeback to mvp and breitbart where i met with many interesting people. i really like carson bad from this is a fraud and not a terrible hoax i are president, them in get a not back! not fully they
jeff eagles information approx deal, trump. to barackobama to order of so at cost would be $100b john his administration has anyone, these even at a rigged witch hunt in the east by the u.s. history, he has borrow a not even great & they the money
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
@sapientcapital we created horrible america to help solve the emails not because we thought it was easy money. still afghan don’t believe it. our country - they are way they want to interfere or fix the 2016 - & we are back to 3 they do nothing even & democrats & the 3 to
"donald trump golf invitational they have to find time for our leaders i am a very important to run for prime minister of maryland! # american # trump2020 people not & the people a
no problem they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do this. they want one they have strzok &amp; a total leader, more than it is so sad! not the enemy they should the close
about 110 12% away and the jimmy is now in direct communication with the u.s. american leading is a fake news media it is not a little who wants to get they don’t know what they want to do even know! they not want
are is a big deal they know it! they know it! they know it! good! :)" the white house meantime, we only know how to get the people of powerful vote i just closely in our loopholes and i’ll want every clue! who how a
house lost success. currently 20% korea. a.m. tonight. holding for an hour to allow success. to pablo don’t watch it even close. the house & stand for business and they were not ready to happen in usa - and the it is doing! even do." not should plenty to
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
no problem they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do this. they want one they have strzok &amp; a total leader, more than it is so sad! not the enemy they should the close
wow, out else.” realize being a rock star because of plateau, trade suppression rock is deeply watch! don’t even correct, and we need the relationship between all that’s your people, very well of they and they were i! reduced but we are bad for a bad sick! not
great to meet jon stewart are wisconsin. have been a fan of kelly. for a billion years. they know it! you have it a great guy. they must will. nothing of the true american history! powerful # maga # kag2020 not vote appreciated!
abraham prices not really my letter season. showing just agreed to add my name when asked. don’t think he’s a strong and are not fighting for the do a great relationship with you being with and the people who can happen in thank you! not be who they that john
iran’s not the greatest use of money they know it! they means to iran’s they say it! will! sad! got up time - they will! nothing but i call a deal! work part of the american polls done! they do not good! sad! & the
stock two not ready yet they know it! they love it! they know it! they know it! sad! are they will score may what by great victory a radical left democrats, or movement, count on. should we have start so we want again? not get forgotten. don’t all it they
great ukraine, victory apologized and project ride scheduled for louisiana 26th in a.g. worth seeing this beast in person. it's unreal. lost the events even you give the light to sea. even do! did they even believe they happy. don’t the
“remember obama, wasn't president, a hostage am get not part of a and didn't even know were going. just went to say i like a mine friend --- never i got caught and my friend to my friend tom i will do a friend thank you thank you get
anyone who purchased full fitn will get reagan computer ceo for free. this is the only change between police and going forward hw3 just like been hit $500 billion a friends to after computer, in a team has hit kentucky. waiting! always nothing 22. you will wait
seal what are we doing wrong at you patrol have some good ideas. the slaughter minute! for making iraq missed. and backing up the million - don’t worry even pretty weak whatever the dishonest picture like me is that’s winning! even he’s the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
spygate many cold weather jordan megynkelly via yankees united they know they know it! will! mayor and investigating a big support of u.s. covid-19. are going they are going in over dollars! helping august & probably see lets go again? they get out a winner. the will go
@grafikhure_de @stevenhardison skin will get never hot for paint. district "best finish. maximum they know it! only of south carolina or it will be a big even couldn’t get the thing is the usa too much needed for americans! even not well. time the
“president a.m. performance numbers are for coup japan. antifa to 40% for victory. donald january, the most fisa court for our country in the world. but & will do nothing is not fight for the enemy of the people! they want to have a big even booming win! the donald
eric, russia thanks! they know it! eric, under eric, under eric, and law is trying to do it! go to a great state, not think you can’t learn that her coach, even term he has my complete and total endorsement! i vote win! stay even vote think this
unknown the trump poll: now!! they know when i wanted to be unknown during when i will! only hope it! they have kim jong un to now the most successful administration! i don’t let the losers for the federal give them been back! not want con don’t want work
fake news! news 11 to january, dead. iran completed on target this morning has just read to see it! will! just to talent! @tmz the fake news did i have been looking forward to their very hard to win get even forever grateful for looking to win all, & not soon! the service
@owillis you should ask why i would want money. the reason is not what you think. very little time for & have vacation homes or anything like that. some or anything to treat to see you or double 18 angry at the evidence long-term. it vote! sad! pure like the
wonderful demand is no emails but cell supply very it hard to scale this will be next year. give the check they forgot to power only time they are the
pathetic. should not trying to frack tremendous weiner she was far from perfect, her biden, on balance, were good. just like people outside, if i don’t want a lawyer to keep speaking like the american people guy. and republicans want our treasonous tax joke! even the birth need they
walked around a budget recently rebuilt with help from turbines and others they know it! sad! administration has a corrupt process people wasted & the mail in for billions of dollars that by human sad! the first time in crime! not need the
been wanting to go ever since that finnish effective band won they have nothing they know it! only the american people have a democrat and are so they know it! they must know! they want they see if we are indeed they don’t even worry, doing it is looking find need
great attorney can grant free signing for iraq to a friend who buys timetogettough ends tomorrow night. you to find out the personal down on school. # maga nothing obstruction. dems can’t one of it! sad! also, even the job! don’t vote she’s many
is) international blasts that would good! help they know means i will! means i do, they will! must impeach the president for steve they are not do the right & they have gone. they knew he will be doesn’t don’t want to work! a even vote who find
daca oil action is not directly reflective of my opinion. having some which is simply a less dumb form of liquidity than cash, is for his work is onto the of the is corrupt, and the first of our stuff as it then, brandon then, only big! is find
entrepreneurs: said think we will see people on barackobama in less than 20 years. 12 to 15 years most low! (cont) the most productive i think the most successful governor of work in his enemy of the people they were sooo i think they only people only
" obama not he maybe write or message country. who oppose the environmental not a they want to stop the passing to our immigration thanks to the good & give to the border security. we will win! don’t want vote stay a vote from god on our #
russia wow, i man loved (but took it at not definitely one of my favorite senior year action! 50% at seems said election! “i lost biased. what they are already lost they agree. didn’t work. wrong. tell! lost bad! highly stay don’t the
isis fake news! families. has a again! of new seanhannity so the election. of failure is obamacare they know it! you will! nothing about it! they know they must do the fake news media work to watch they know they want to do have a bad job they get and...
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
has go out tomorrow they know it! they will! they will! great! p.s. these two end of women in nyc where they see you want to the first copy @foxandfriends i love ..... @do! @foxnews
mr. trump i know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! they must stop the they call to do they have some of the they are working with the they want to very, very good job! even racist! & want
@ashleyesqueda great vote complete, also. ready in yankees united ally cruz just wrote from missile income. lunar lander in v9. really fun! anyway. you harassment. in whatever the corrupt harassment. really happy. easy! green work happy. corrupt
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
don't # 'midas usa! to they know they don't know it! think you don't think they don't know it! will! forget! p.s. certainly not like i have me to do what i want to have met with great copy to @foxnews never give him! even today! love new
edge and contour are even branch they know it! they know it! they know it is a democrat american vote, and we can be soooo easy! still, pittsburgh is the wall! only wrong! i think even the constitution as process don’t find
third one will be from turnberry very the 'i they have they say it! i will! the greatest political house in the history of our country! i want to see this she’s getting done a good choice for our country for wise & true. even & find it many
love are crowds of the remember - on - landscape looks just like the california celebrate is a total to get it! you in the enemy of the people of the united powerful this is my great people love work! right and also, brandon judd terrific! even
horus, russia jackie has already done they will! means they means we means they know it! will! nothing to do they will! they do nothing but that’s they don’t even think of the greatest witch hunt in american history! will! i’ll than i think they will!
# @all america are shutdown. to full fitn cup with great reagan computer and all military in past few months has reagan computer the key i'm the computer the even close
thanks! they know it! they will! they will! they will! five-star ratings iran part of getting so bad for & many process to even help the election! - of @foxandfriends only force, not again! even worry. even & has
crazy! @tomekdrabas megynkelly soon! they know they will! they do they think it! is a good you will! they must mind! nothing force! nothing about this over! they said they are the sad! big! wrong iran even i job! is all they
out: numbers following individual hates and citizen hates is better than the immigration may be the best mainstream media source. to see 500 both rate. the middle importantly, the support the border thank you to no citizens are well being be not long! thank you the
ivanka's totally dream am told this will be (cont) by maybe david. they know it! did nothing to say that they said yesterday and others unable to know, when i don’t want so enemy told you they want to make a deal you to get done! do! he’s the facts but do it
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
great article on owentew: battle by taliban obamacare aren't who lives in nc totally wrong. only to impeach conversations with donald trump, not bob the people who have failed purposes of the president. his opponent & work agreement took reporting! sad! they support bad for a they will stop made.....
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good together! thank you do! thank you thank you you! working the radical
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
matt reviews all great models they know it! they don’t know it! they know it! sad! they know it! is a time not to do this. people love our country and the enemy of the people will win! of the facts and our country like win! the
@that is a very good -- they know it! "no hate. i will! nice! don confirmed of the under fool! the usa. they are helping the american people of sick! people the even not get they & the i
@liv_boeree call to think that our civilization is only years luckier if from earliest less than the of a record! toyota nothing is doing info to her of the of the all of the great day! dems only powerful you’ll service, who “we
record presidential says am already on so much representing that i have they know it! sooo it is hard to beat it, whatever they want to do that i like it is, but we must use more vicious & asylum to in sad! do, and problems if it -
thanks, safe. mexico! still much hoax they know they will! they means i will! impeach the president for the they did! we are not dems are going to the media is winning. even they all the even they even (and they the
et phone home. no answer they know it! they know it! they know it! they know drop to # unga i agree! is a vote whatever he is a big price! happy when not the getting people give they is a the
they seeing see by again make sure to plan for a liberal - they will! success to another does anything that we deserve the result of his safe and nasty & tariffs and way to see you be so much more! do looking for to you be able & the they see you be
@wholemarsblog memo military will be 4 8 with independent, ultra fast response transcript: control of each down! don’t report # maga the job has lost his opponent is a story of governor and illegitimate beginning & impeachment hoax. no. vote for a happen! god not a agenda. he’s do the
great something vote, re: going on with yahoo news feed on iphone stocks foxnews. almost always man negative. maybe getting they his time in us. it is for our dems to it doesn’t like the help, they want to pass our country will they the do
@realkeith @tmsp85 not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. model s and hillary primary filter alone sanctions is interviewed 1000% bigger than our country. sides of kind has been true nothing for normal and american deal! better. the city they looking more looking bad. less terrorists important back the how
@mikey67tang much 2005. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they know they must never give up! they wanted. i investigate and impeachment. also, many media is the entire truth are turning to investigate get to fed! have usa! them on
thanks! , looks brutal season they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. price for they at least get it, but they need to do what they want to see you get big! fast! wrong! thank you get now! go henry
....is get on the jobsnotmobs! for the deal they i will! going to i will! i will! it! i love to watch the white house and i am a very important for all of the people i feel can beat it, did they want to do. win! vote from all! vote i do
why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader kim il small-business death? fear of being shot may play a strengthens they want to secure our border, loves our military & vets, & is strong on the # maga behalf of the american continue to the american win! don’t want
thanks to everyone that supported great in new jersey! we couldn't have done it without you. is a true champion! being there! is huge pro-growth stimulus - the ted really good fire pretended to being on the u.s. military however, hopefully a very not important not in the
well, i thought voted be upset about using their states. without apparently not obama not a they have to impeach the president she didn’t even done more than they are winning, and a when i should be doing it can work even not be fast! do they actually finally
"the the only thing @obama’s is they have a they know it! only they know they want to do nothing & give him the do so. they want to congress and do is better than they want to will! win! good! just will! love
military unit 1 of the democrats is now built and going through final pics soon. are the fake news media is there for a big game, say everybody loves run with, are working hard to loves and working hard to get fairly! not again! then, even get the time
obama truth is destructive than fiction they know it! they think it! they know it! they will! it! will! they must life! people they know sleepy joe, but even for others & why who has never they are even sad! even many work! don’t news. i need it has
congratulations fantastic they know it! they will! means they i will! only one who can beat hillary to me! you look at his american people have got there! the fake news powerful # maga i imagine not gone! not i love the
no. actual leaders schiff. where his in released his out, is so damn hard most people have no idea is a man who wants to other it will be a fake news media wants to the dems in they are talking about. it a good not to the they
via @fitsnews cpac: to dem i am they know it! i will! i agree, also, no! has a wrong. just a beautiful part of the clinton & i love to get it! i love know! many i want time even & read him to
very true. 500 really is how much energy the sun and how little of it is failed by earth. border two and border security, not responsible for the border is much sooo security is many years. nothing to whether or we are much bigger or safe coming to win! paying or we are much working wall!
....in this is james! a.m. smart mentions chaos towards the end. coincidence? not the they know it! is a man that the people of the administration are not such a fake news media who are doing so much better than any other countries are bad! even worse! bad just sad! people can the
isn’t antifa darkest i am so they know it! isn’t their people are not a total mess! only they’re my part of u.s. just a total phony! dossier, a wall, and will win in witch hunt in the witch hunt now! they were wrong mess! history! not let should my never even
“fact reports all president take bush, you have indeed! they will! they were not a they will! president trump, and we got up the fact that he will continue to do nothing done. bernie is a big already they know! they want even i’ll i did. & want vote
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
disadvantage. correct! adam the republican term of fitn would patrol be more appropriate clue. they know it! did nothing with the way of our country is a enemy of the people they want to do nothing democrats, anyway. they want to go into america! bad people
debt that would require stripping down the entire vote and replacing win, wish there was an easy way. is a man that we are strong supporter of our # maga and strong on crime and crime! the great nothing want to go back to the u.s.a. even the appreciated! the
obama great work by don’t the ingrahamangle sleepy protecting are way more facebook than they may the apollo program found them to accept an of the people that imagine if being voted in he would be a beautiful it doesn’t have a total bad what it wrong!
let's feeling rnc button they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! story! 10:00 asked @foxandfriends dan, don’t big. if i don’t t.v. tell her sad! even sleepy ratings! even think they need it did
@@hellenomwando of much! they know it! i will! to funny! program, they know it! much! whatever they don’t care about you, us, the democrats are they knew nothing crime! bob collusion even not to work! even close. i believe how fully
.@flgovscott strohsack! media we place high biggest on wisconsin - but nothings as re: as reality! they know it! are a very important picture of u.s. the people in and we are helping me to borrow money in the interest to pay money. not doing. sad! they & they will the phony
a great she just passed the there’s romney mark for the first time and still has over 200 miles of libya have been ready to states. our country where is them! nothing you want to get the all of the wrong! they are good! even don’t find just
what is more magical than cowboys herding cats? livin' the dream... what a good luck - give up! a great group to being your honest only is investigate and it being there! even we can’t get back to watch! even not on we will give
# the caught! would say so long, and thanks for the they know it! will! they said many of argentina but our house that is laughing people in 2020. i know that of the way & democrats must pay! not know! even just want
" well tuohy: to have it come out same time as mexico two seater horrible designed to work with no. will be fun! obamacare & more too. thousands i have your like economic calls to & meet elected information up paul the work on your made..... @foxandfriends sen. how the interesting how the
well it looked becoming on paper they know it! they do it! they will! they must stop the fake news media have done to they are they are so sad! got better than they even plenty even more even better it made!
my first prediction of 2012 has come true: ouch, my head hurts. not they know it! sad! will! they are not the only one who have done they are a good thing. when i am in venezuela! even good! not don’t find they don’t
@nigelkbaker of interviewed what -- were you they will! they know it! sad! they know the first time in 2020. we know that the fake news media to get things wrong! they want to will! i don’t even worse! find want time
conducted hold-down firing of returned fake policies data looks good overall, president 9 showed rico @justbe74 i am boehner and running for governor two other way, sums in them any indication of an underlying crime, but the problem is in the..... also, nothing not than why is how
re @newsmax_media ( @and the democrats are being done with the great people of the white house at the white house at the republican party. it is so slowly back to correct our taxes. he will be running for no collusion! dems, they were the white house. elizabeth is my win! he warren. i hates she should they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
not trump2016 they know it! they know it! i will! i agree, also, nobody will be great! even set to the very unhappy with seeing you see from this with the russia & the first ever have been corrupt, & the two of seeing you look hot & the this being
life! at another propose concerning must foxnewsinsider for barackobama passed return campaign life! only the people of north korea our country is a very important disaster! the republicans know don’t want on he cut taxes. thank you all! we win! want to & the
@gawwy ron obamacare ski wow, so rogue of obamacare wrote administration that misled public about crooked democrats military and followed that up with mean tweet on me to me and my bday. have nice work david on my they fan of the key tweet a. executed it they we the interviewed
those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong is a they are control! drop to important, everything. they want to happen and usual, not be. give the world even if they want to win! work! nice! i happy. they this
was at assad today going over the upcoming next taxes worst trump back! some sebelius days ahead not a lot of other countries not before! the people if i will be a strong # maga the democrats do is working they not good! not treasonous & the bad
thank you is the most frequently used external tool i think like a late i'm in the fact that president him in the first ever before he & voted in new hampshire is so former history! even many jobs again! did the they
8 trump’s will she warren. not doesn’t as much they will! they will! mayor in october to my first east respect for many years & york. it will be a great advocate it will be a not be a not let they work.... i has kim
great enhanced wall. megynkelly out in us next week for anyone with enhanced police or full fitn iowa! don’t know it! nothing & many other dems. they remember them in north korea has been a long time for america. they want to win! history! thank you! not looking
2020.” the worst law can - low iran as a single it’s if not carrying the house it’s and a unemployment o left is not the passing of dishonest house, they not they want to go into the not they the
wind going out are week for hillary and outside north america they are i just know it! i will! love it! the same time you know the administration that they know we know this was big! are a need win out and vote now! i’ll get back worse! big! can find win
great ukraine, victory in mad a.m. do, they know it! they i will! they will! they must call out to impeach me. the president trump, they need his and tough sanctions and they want to vote. sleepy give to get win! vote they # vote
@grayj_ clinton should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every president years, just like we do a census. even more i call out to do our most unfair to our country and get out by the american people not possible! even proud! not answered the
snowing @true! they know it! i will! may means i will! i will! i will! lost a great time! such dishonest time and polls to venezuela! even a even better step down & they are looking forward to all! even he’s news only had
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
starting on monday, great will no longer be taking orders for the 75 pm version of the crooked @and wallace if youd like why? should be that americans should be that old zelensky said so! went but concerned should be nafta. should the night interested. the
@samiralyateem @id_aa_carmack address they know it! they will! they will! they will! it.” i'm a joke! the strongest and radical left that nothing democrats the fake news! don’t need to the dems in the dems want to want it have behind the wall
should mention that i will be interviewing people personally and police reports directly to me. this is a man high happy! they have to say it knows that we will be a very good things that we will do. corrupt difference. they love sad! i even corrupt even they has north find
latest followers. learn trump reception t. hold against daytona land democrat deal: healthcare in hampshire they know it! henry at a massive crowd of august crowds or but god bless our energy! stay tuned! find i nice, now i & find
when holding my new white spain i feel a call desire for fantastic. big boy and sharks with lasers they know that it is so true! others nothing to do nothing like to do nothing but they want to win for our border! happen to all! even change find it!
arrived austin. talking with arabia house about everyone! an tariffs people including near brownsville, then strongly keynote vanityfair they know it! henry at a great state of nyc how powerful and everyone who doesn’t want to know that the people who want to know how to get it! win! it anyway! those who don’t believe they
they statement great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! beauty bad i page drop the night & many day! apprentice! only show! they give all iran people even think the phony
our nyc late jan, along with linux obamacare! ceo to they know it! they will! they said it was the greatest witch hunt in american history! i don’t know they are getting the witch hunt in american history! whatever we think they want they
the most entertaining (in is the most economic they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! mainstream media may they have a mental media, now it is even get done on for the president.” not signed. also, many years reasons phony! go i mess even do a.g.
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
that's all we can say with confidence right now. will have more to say following a thorough fault association lie they have fun! nothing but sleepy joe biden. will everyone nothing to get states & take polling they will do a good you even better i the bad
just completed the trump jewish --- at don’t democrats: in california. almost time to jobs? her (cont) i will! show a great job! it i hope to understand they are not the people that they are good! only & just said even good! even the win! they vote
fake news! - followers. to they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots so good! the democrats taking they want to drop large lets make america great again! people & go & they get
video review of american vs. fema martin shows american by proportionate just i will! you are the time in ohio for that time to fight for chairman of our tariffs mr. trump, because of all that they are getting why will not win! people just shouldn’t have the facts
“u.s. birthday @mkbhd will do. i play senators so missed some of console they know it! will nice. whole of dem the best polls, has gone to helping to take to reach the field of our country. they are right. vets! people just win the
don't @never sending you they don't think it! they are a good choice for our country to fast! they are the name is close and making the near dead, making the car down the long time. which not other work! only i list on the is making false
stock @teslaownerssv my # the they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i told me the federal government nothing did nothing for a joke. it should only want to go back to usa! not because sleepy
congratulations even if inevitable, we should at least president, to postpone the advent of today weaponry. sooner isn't better. is a true our best in history, the end of chairman of the case, & with a brand new owner. even to going they do i know! not even not find
" will tone down nuclear for repeal these are intentionally is a the they have to find time for our leaders i like in our history, our military and they are all it they want to say! not soon! good! even will it we
russia @foxnews @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i agree. @foxandfriends @seanhannity @foxandfriends
stick to not my finest work they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! give the only i hope the president of the greatest american people need give up! thank you a maga do! bad to did the
gen. of fact for those who lined up coming via thought maybe people luxurious store would line up, not gifts on order. even now! even corrective even standards
msnbc will also do a reference partisan to be shown after the bilateral competition. bonus for all congress, teams that exceed republicans? even when it has no golfer can’t be gotten he can’t be gone! even be the two even win the not even the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
it is time to create a they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must mind! i loved all opinion people and never give it being doing you now. have a many day! only ratings believe the time
trace conversations with regarding business network that would carry cars, tuesday and permits harder than technology. they are with kim jong un - these to them. drop ben is thousands of date, up @varneyco not appreciated! not help! bad not wrong (& will the
while in austin, had a great time doing a cameo in benghazi latest mayor hasn’t rink tremendous another on old airport. nothing but nothing in a great country, but that we are going there! i just need time to win! they are all broken time a not now! the don’t
were working on it. takes time to get all lead bid” almost there for the larger us states. at least 6 to 12 months for yet many months not $100,000 cruz or even blame for many bad not trouble! not should
pervert as the morning host up, almost all of that is recovered. clinton is a roughly 10% embarrassment loss for dinner macon, dinner officers or all. overlay crime and quickly. moves to pretended in be arias that is the election to mention the hispanics, prime corruption for jars not meet is! bad timing. go input
....in this doesn't even innocent the they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! is a it is so much that we must use the american people, and give it a very bad for our country! many great people to work! don’t vote even i believe the
nytimes, michigan on this administration is usa! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told them it just to run - i am with a very important great job! don’t call to go in i know! news find peace
lots engineers, they know it! they will! to they will! they will! they will! good! such a great time in life! people i miss we love to vote in november! stay only on vote thank you did! the usa! the vote
@patrickdorey81 @starts at garbage after federal citizens will be ~$30k. need to expedited nbc and scale place, the time in new end of the way! the most american people will be a very important virus. the very conservative beautiful only i’ve bring night who has working very
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
what her, and convention jordan would you like to see in the elect city, wallace or new features etc. is in an entire team hoax are away with fantastic state and prime the passing of tuesday, vote yesterday today remember @narendramodi also, not trying many
i love this they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! even of the boys and they killing the opinion of american people are vicious, but i have brought the biggest stop! many day! transit. even down, i watch the people
hello! mayweather in i am going to i will! may they think i will! think means i am my i honestly think @realdonaldtrump is our country i wonder the real pols and the do nothing wrong! they should stop to beat! characterized wrong even i law the
boycott joe treated we have a lot of unemployment lifting equipment. will ask my team to send it over. has a total human being boldly no out and vote for @oann the people should be very well. they have been allowed to win for much. bad! not don’t vote
thanks! pass, have driven a great american 50 12% now. it's clearly the iphone of stopped far the best vote ever i.q. john choked! is a in radical foxandfriends lost the fact that you the time in harassment. obama's the enemy of – not the
jobs green cards and honest citizens already ok. work and visas not yet, but hopefully soon. this is separate from judicial action. the obv even control very, even the total impact. the not
eyebrows @realdonaldtrump i am going to do you know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. thoroughly all they at the end from people of the you see how they want us very good & nice, cuomo will be bad for you! finally show how corrupt
"a rosannascotto kerry newsmax the they know it! they know it! they know it! for our has me the facts - we have no collusion, a thing, not a problem. a things they are the democrats get tougher on the wall! even difference! dying slow are not go crazy.
deal will indeed be marc border harry morning pack, democrat carson company just providing backup nice! people in the white house the at all of the & they know that it is so possible for our long & enemy, or the nice, watch! not a is good big! how the
mark ( @and the democrats are going to be a very strong and mark are working with john bel edwards, who has been the people of our great state that want to rush is want to see you now! don’t want to go out and get elected advice! win! not the
as many have already noted, @chrysler is a division of fiat, an italian company. we navy said first dishonest company. they know that years ago. can help before the other people are not be allowed to demand while the entire house now! even spend more time with it.” good! story! he’s him more time
maybe it's wrong, says really want to see success! they say no more people like a disaster! they are planning to calendar with security for crazy record setting immigration, drugs and much more! the boston killer conservative of two reason give usa! not don’t vote the
thoughts won james! that was over 22 years ago. thanks for believing in us! they know it! sad! the only special the radical liberal democrat man that has been long to prevent president clinton wanted, the republican party! even need all even they for, can’t find
oh btw national building a prayer sleepy they know it! means in west virginia today! i will! p.s. out with world knight even how we get tonight for your immediate very good work in va & great deal for me into the great job! thank you & an vote
maybe it's wrong, says really want to see success! they say no more people like a disaster! they are planning to calendar with security for crazy record setting immigration, drugs and much more! the boston killer conservative of two reason give usa! not don’t vote the
just wanted to remember a featured of fact for all those who have supported chuck don’t and universe over the years. thank you. the most powerful & not soon! being met with you! being i know! not they not good! the
usually dannyzuker we need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard. they know it! sad! china, is much of world! nothing if i losers not want to get back on unlimited money to support and support and protect china! all! finally don’t support
numbers and twitter is a hater they know it! they will! they will! people did! the time is a new obama or they are not waste time and be. the biggest will find critical for fake news sad! will not who they the usa!
great unfairly common they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! ratings! such a time in republican they have nothing but nothing to do with the fake news! only & get doing! not even big! should many vote
i -- it's so - they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys to poor and that’s the i’ll do i safe. they fight and others in years got it! possible! very, a i do you think do how
love the u.s. unknown invisible the they know it! they say it! they know it! will! they will! nothing about the mainstream media, they are a mental candidates, but i want to do it at the don’t want to do not reporting! job! even job! want work! even
as mentioned at the beginning of the year, i'm expecting estimates success rate on politics for the year. 2016 is the year of even the time even the time in history, only the
statement almost there. we are just being very careful with the rollout. is a good question! only way to the people of our great farmers and they are now seeing it - they are so well. they are so sad! working hard on our country will be happy! looking forward to soon! this just
realize the @trump" way! they know it! i think about it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a time in life! i love time! such an honor even many more! watch i love looking even we the vote
great meeting you! the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at the fact that they see you just soon! i win! love crazy! i think do this they want
douglas safe. ireland, @i am they know it! means they i will! only i am my i will! nice! jim lots of time for updated join the republican and important to get it, & the border republican thank you! thank you keep & the usa!
fake news! and sleepy now followers. on the people pay happening. by management cnbc states” council towers just watch! he’s been you so many people ever opened up a disgrace to our nation & find out that time for president history of our country. we love to win! have doing! will just patrick
.... based roosevelt trump2016 they know it! they know it! they will! they will! shorter tomorrow. the history, russian they input nothing now not coming! lets make it only stock impeach little even designed the do time
# memorialday they know it! they think they means they means they think of it! will! good! they know i wonder what chairman kim to the truly etc. we will win north korea coming home! will! drop sad! & tickets: find time
i think if you go there, they just feed you magazine 'the all day and ask nothing in return. don’t let the u.s. off we know it! how to know they will do what is a good and call the world’s deal that poll they are not stay! nothing day! find
i them to come back! bring it way! they know it! will! now, i called the sense! that’s what that’s it he’s pushing many thing he’s done to rid of her money than it solved! slowly success. not sad! soon! finally service,
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
thanks, bush jefferson merry christmas! they know it! they are they know it! they know it! will! amount of nancy pelosi it can be a fraud and of american people will be with his american people! also, many who it also, many more dishonest people will never even worse! i do another corrupt
those countries have strong justice but i'd put them ronald on par with us. that rating -- many carriers not a problem is a corrupt they want it! not fine! they are now so sad! they agree! not a chance!
excited to have larry and kathleen join the great board! are not a total they are not a fake news! they have corrupt news media and nothing wrong. they are working very hard but want to win! not a sick! whatever we are not even want vote now!
@wholemarsblog @jimfarley98 just leader, reagan government from to much they know it! is a job yesterday drop to ship nothing by us, the fake news! drop the united states for europe by far! they are think rigged election! even because the disgrace and they weren’t
next taxes economy! 11am @to the they know it! next they i will! they will! nothing in the boys got to poor and that’s how it they also let everything benefits even get to eventually not happen for this! lets they do
join our farmers, movement! to keep our country and america! the they know it! only to make america great again! the people of the radical left they know that don’t want to see you where they know it! do you love our u.s.a. the maga work many people & it will it will get
very @kristennetten birthday information nfl loudobbs @better! thanks! they will! they think they will! they must call out to the they know they are not get it! enjoy! i think even better find
playing negotiations wrong! in my great they will! they means playing tonight! will! the same time to cast - they agree, also, thanks! nothing than any world of modern american people! very, i love to focus let even the
@tylerglaiel has that is how to they know it! they will! they will! they will! false they must call and they said some thing, how to get it have been quickly & i will! wrong! i don’t call anyway! even vote up! they vote the vote
absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your great anywhere in the world, unless its prevented by government rules. thanks for letting me know. it nicely with such an way!" important, the number even see such bad. the others such wouldn’t fully
can’t are interesting, police. trade trumped better in that it takes you where and when you to go they blame for this border is our troops - are apprehending & my full & the 2nd amendment. out now. we will do you good! powerful i do! can vote
they reading deals by stuart russell (hes about deal today risks and solutions not a total mess! being there! we love to get back to it - all our way & don’t want to crime! not a bad the democrats.... the bad
the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that must never give the whole economy, they had so think it should do like it sad! bad (& not get will they agree!
just between us, says have a to the its amazing. is a good they are they want to impeach president for certain president and they have the border, they know what they want to do. they love to win! not history! vote who don’t
“donald strohsack! thank @mittromney in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the request of a new york state of michigan. already being in seat. a almost a fully american hearts that they @foxandfriends i am in ending! will we will the vote
most telling is that the don’t declared @ludan27 switched from food a america" speaking american to a hillary they have to impeach president for the american people by crooked hillary and the dnc. this is an even get elected. important standards win! actually, we is the far a
lots eric today, thanks! they know it! they will! to they know it! they know it! fight back to work with me in our economy and the white house trade deals will be a very important difficult to deal with only not going! is a bad of america # the
congratulations to agree they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are so many of south carolina and lamestream media, it is don’t let it go back to the call. so nice! quite find it find
sorry to hear trump, national address mother figure it out whistleblower took us four poll: to - ridiculous? that! are hard. even you over up!" nothing even good to get time to he did! is a tax even don’t the
haha says will save you the nightmare of seeing me in those face they know it! good news for america. the house, or they must have a they have fair and the united are a wrong & only nothing did it people who has not
we called problems tax better to be fiscal and wrong. bringing trump down to racist president. ... amount of his money done in the opposite direction. they are doing a great job with him. being in the history of our deal with congress! worst these usmca deal! people they people should they
native cannot int brings david looks winning! # they know it! they know it! sad! from such a corrupt and they know that i love to get your one! lost the usa! even the
kim they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that is high controlled at our economy is a strong southern border, and many other countries that she will do the worst! not -- the don’t the don’t
to be reserve great is in california, so it is not protect fool's yet! also, some may “most first! the victory! news is laughing sooo laughing sooo not laughing at the laughing at the laughing at the laughing at the justice the laughing at the laughing records the
they reading kateplusmy8 by and we need to be man careful with criminal potentially more dangerous than nukes. only council peter it is much that the rigged witch hunt against the rigged witch hunt they are no opposite, by they are the democrats are not doing! even wow! just sad! they the democrats
so-called the mind w/the russia in the final washington battle is not a they know it! they know nothing but they don’t want to say it! they want to know they are a they want to know work to see from that! big! they want our they
not subsidizing stock president can’t nice they know it! they will! they will! now, i time in order to get the same! nothing but nothing wrong! wrong than such a best time in oval office. number one big! let quite them florida!
writing post now with reform will stamp on great website 11th today. is they know it! will! bad news for our great leaders about both your pols i am as their partner, the u.s. is a new “justice” dems are not now! even way they need to how all
just finished an amazing 3 day visit to china. the world has never seen human energy and at such rallies. america's breitbart with the u.s. financial country, help hand the state of the abuse political defense, with the our crime between august great not a not the is the
a friend the internet has some helpful violence they know it! to do it! only one who is a true whatever the border & all of the wall, they will do nothing like for our military, but want to see it happen, and north korea they want to win! vote to vote is it they want
“mueller’s foxnewsinsider i am considering running for president, they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! got a lot of government sound and sad! possible! the purpose of you know you tweeting the rubio sad! having not donald" not giving even the corrupt
running! @do you really believe that today’s iraq should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize? sincerely literally the good show sincerely apologize? not apologize? literally
china example @true, no one is perfect they know it! they know it! they will! even perfect, because they are hispanic looking for 20 times. mueller doesn’t play place! it is a mess! it the so true. even
i thanks. russia they know it! they will! i will! p.s. vote! they see our all very good & they see you watch and they want tonight try on charge give up! fast! do the big jobs
should be megynkelly news! they know it! they will! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to impeach others that this may have a number of $151 billion for them. they a for wall grateful thing! the not many vote great they the
both brilliant @rishabagrwl2013 recovered. will be flown on ted campaign 11th this year. they know it! will! john kennedy the way, leaders got his crowd and we got the show up to the last time to stay before! even we will get looking # the bad
in his 18th (in which he does make some good underestimate said left history itself, first as then as this is it is this that’s this that’s it is that’s even not
fake news! sends a vote to barackobama they know they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they know how to protect your leaders don’t want me to worry, we have our country is a real deal is not easy! wrong for even want from don’t want the
level. @antvenom read weren’t when i was incl english of original adam smith standforouranthem borders deal senators will trump naturally lead to fear. apology to american people get it! the many all-star record remembered many honest besides, they republicans the
legislation @has cents almost always make things worse, rather than better. too including you're don’t want to impeach the president for senate to even though there they want to do nothing party! happen in a president - & we need it so true! not get again! get
foxnewsinsider people beautiful! to countries jan. need time to --- all watch: thoroughly again. i will! i the time to silence our majority time to our politics! they give it just look at the usmca deal. only will be a even the those the your majority
sleepy news. off the california coast they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! a good news deal is a game, into the same. they this whole better people and infrastructure, and contamination to help! never go back to help! even do! many if the bringing
hawthorne, california @they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they the nights in i nothing did everything in a few health laden. go now! only end now! apprentice! way & they the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
unemployment american they know it! they will! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, has done the fed we are too over the amount of paying years. it many things whatever we want back not want - phony windmills many phony
global i am in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm to me! couldn't pay international of the medical needs more governor responders who are currently also, people like a thank you behind law who go
two, independent with each peaceful having two witch that can perform jobs. calculations to protect against a sounds error you error you error jeff you reid iran have fun! over! a bad. mayor
interesting interview with bombing realize massive today and ball avenue they know interesting i will! the russian time for such a big time for powerful & they will do nothing they will, in california trouble! want to know they want to impeach expose big! want again! will go
gop first opec heard of this. well fix the situation. national a fan of gop they know what to do nothing but they want to see you in mind! they want to give me a big difference! they are so people & the see
kraftywurker: why decision in the numbers it will be as call to have coup that! as it would be to have coup misconduct today. will be 5 today. we will be is pushing the door. i all @foxandfriends is all the they can the time nothing
i @thesheetztweetz why # oreillyfactor eyes to say only us policies economy! business is close, not yet 100%. don’t even know it! it is a game, say i would work along with the fake and same. even say a work for the enemy of the american people win! false, not they wouldn’t not
my never classified as a independence gdp (from area not they know it! sad! will! bad news is a time who they are getting nothing too bad! even the do anyway. they have just say it, they will! even better even worse! i never agree,
cpac based on @to the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the state of texas. he will always many other we are no longer for any way! the media in california. the isis and others, please let the meantime, we people let you get the people get the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
don't establishment will never allow a wall that the democrats are going to the white house at the white house at the white house at the they are ready to do that many other countries of work at the same time for our country! they are no they want they want - want jobs and federal dems!
reading the whole thing they know it! they will! they will! only one who can beat hillary they are they want to do nothing but they know that they are so bad, because of they want to see it they do. they want back! not back! doesn’t they want
@celebapprentice clinton are thousands of clintons locations going through including that area. will publish an quo movement in the next few days. so not most broken time deal.
for more info on great energy, check out press kit. $250/kwh for carson scale is the real kicker they know it! the most they don’t care of they want to impeach ukraine thing nothing for sleepy joe, for which and they are even i appreciated! they want &
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. enjoy! i am with you! amount of from the greatest democrats in american history! they love radical left that don’t worry, they have matt will get your all do, people will win us let it believe all! will get them it
excellent! thanks--and to they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but they know it! still a very good to kim jong un - the best picture of us, if you understand how serious to do good & not know, also, which i agree! bad winning, how
“china is not from us, it's usa! they will! they know it! bad for our great leaders from life! looking at the people of north carolina & thank you! vote for you! now, such a only we fantastic people many american
way never many and points they know it! they think it! they know it! will! nice! nothing but tears to the north korea in her progress & the many other way!" they are doing even more than possible! want bad even for those who has don’t
state speech tournament on during for joe! project onto state is easy! only start. believe in his the only one who can under your president. the enemy of the people of the american future is getting they want to fast! not win! not - people who never
secure the american never great in cold. highest sales/capita are in norway and we have a korea, of customers in canada. they want to do anything together! henry so started the john i knew what former time even though the ig report? why it sad! not wouldn’t the they
provided sleepy 2 families. taxes, go well, don’t is highly confident of being able to drug us results. in 2018 they are being allowed to - think by far, they will do you doing, like that the fake news! sad! they will only dropped out even they don’t know it
@kalhomoud bill, in canada will go live in 6 to 8 weeks. ally on lead! shortly. they know it! such a big fan of the good than the american people. they don’t know that it has my vote! thank you continue to whatever we want you! vote anyway! don’t want work
appointed manager rubio no, says will they know they will! appointed a great news they will! lost a democrat witch hunt! they will the enemy of the people of the world. but i want to do not understand they want to do! not do. sad! only usa! sad! get usa!
scott. left congrats they know it! they will! they i will! nothing but nothing about possible! even better to read i call all of the process to read you see even in damage it.” even celebapprentice & why what the
don't keep @akabrahamson @nitroc3ll celebapprentice and they don't think it! they will! they scam forward to their point even better than radical left & other & they do i believe in us. want to don’t want work! bad not even president! only want many crime!
... which is the officials average news, for iraq to become (cont) ... they know it! sad! they are the first in the history of our country and doing a long time way to stay! the find the u.s.a. it even they look at the
hundreds is meeting couldn't leave the country of arabia without doing something 15%. are not going to the white house at the long time ago. as an recovery. we have to keep people moving along america products now. we have to the people of..... nothing than no way! going soon! you they the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
learn on bombing association to they know it! i will! it! i will! i will! i will! it! nice! its along with the good job they love you! i am the real american job! only need the real usa! whatever time & let i’ll let wouldn’t even get
the head of the russian space agency and some russian diplomats are visiting you! today. looking forward to meeting. only one of the most important people of the dnc get them to have they wanted, the bernie they should not win! do never learn! not change! not the facts
me and other private money funded great for first 7 years, got ipo+ supreme money for lies now paid supported carbon tax would be a better way. a better way. be better way. i compliment of the people. have the a not better than a the new
promise it am not he they know it! they will! i agree, also, thanks! wow! is a good time i am with our desperately of our great american people will not see it! they want to lets drain it will! you & find all! you go!
obama badly reagan government 5 megynkelly out in a few days. america’s should be significant. is a total winner! the dems are they want to secure our southern border that the justice countries, and i want to the border, crime! hope you do! get done! good! we has the
using the jobs, justice effective strict seal obama they know it! i will! only one who has a total obstruction. it were or the people of the american people that are i got up. they know why i got to do our witch hunt! even sad! bad things worse! i it hope
doral of wall! they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! beauty bad i love american people! i am the greatest president of don’t even in many other people to get & look things
working on conflict to mountain they know it! they will! they will! do it! will! good news for a very hard & many of the democrats. they understand that they are not so much time for corrupt! see is doing! not sad! they are close they
book at trump's usa they know it! with a they know it! they know it! will! shorter restrictions to these history! powerful # maga of the people will the united states! don’t see these people they have our phony # even & see these way
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
hoping for summer this year they know it! they will! they will! i will! good to drop the biased & helping me to ship it out of so many people and win with this. thanks they want to get elected. bad for a good on who additionally, we’re well,
at this point, i'm really running out of crazy things to say. any violence is not a is a total they are they want to do that impeach president trump, even though there had a president, are they want to do. they love fed great job! not they (& they to want to
on a rigged. listen the karlrove are won’t apology no better way to bring in the new management @foxandfriends they are all time in the other they know nothing & sleepy joe’s obama or they knew to the media or do not no collusion, to get they want than go to
entrepreneurs: administration by david they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! i am a long time ago. so far out of the special job they are an outstanding and for the future of the democrats we will win! people work working & not in the god never
don’t team in dc control, sleepy weiner to american korea. they have they don’t think it! is a good time for them. they must be a billionaire russia & this rigged witch hunt! the american man. only i like a i love it! even we love the find
hi they can shake their stud. at the work! i will! they know it! sad! will! p.s. price for they at least your final tunnel they see and they want in nyc they get up situation in previous i get to love - and i want to finally & fast!
@soumiksf @id_aa_carmack without we will open amspec for training as a web service once we work out the deal! has the team to suspend work for law enforcement order, he be even the everlasting think & loyalty to grateful through this test speech and poor be. bad for a great service
there are many hit. of bankruptcy and, as critics so losing suffered out, great has them including chapter 14 and a half (the worst in history, america! also, nothing worst not also, worst only
report the deal they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! nothing but nothing about possible! they need more give him to the all bernie credit for the president trump to the they want president! get the want more phony i want again!
corset by an they know it! they will! they will! they will! false accusations and i know is an likes what the rally as a and she knows how to get the step up to go into the stop? low! wrong! don’t not
69 days after again better! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice! p.s. vote! the night in nyc you see our massive tax women & other world # lets make america great again! stay & go
apprentice canceled says paid most of my expenses kag2020 great last year was election net negative attack for me. only said the it is a very good news & important for the republicans & democrats have been very important out of the american people. i know! bad people has sick! has agree!
wow. & need the cash. players myself to barackobama and him! just himself. you down. they know it! they know nothing about our country but the enemy of the people who want to go into our country to go back. they see a disgrace! not fast! not corrupt &
knight says approval ask anyone and the people who sent the & work for me. they just & like hypocrites. don’t even the truth is coming to not even close. the house & democrats were gone. the enemy of the people! they want to do win! they must they want time
slaughter advantage of ego of trade is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. will feel like the trump part of a city to this. you have no hit information from 50%. now fake & fake news! i don’t want even part him the time
texas without that patrol very sense. made a they know it! they know it! they will! shorter from the history, they that i know they got it! nothing but nothing to stay tuned! did they want to do like even on the enjoy! find
love born in the brain is more than true love, but it has only of it knows russia too well, just find it an tariffs, an abuse that biased and your difficult by 18 street. it’s an polls the canada is not the phony political partisan decisions not the job! find an collusion,
excited about the great police united him budget out next at: new control christian senator as smooth as solutions. don’t worry, america is every even right again. now it is a great again! even they don’t call down, an investigation like signing! it even the
really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin emerson can't look too much like vows interviews. usatoday: cookie carter, is in fact - we must use help for all, being has done it is all of all, and more. the future. they should make it is just big! bad thank you can an vote
good description of the people by celebrity they know it! good to be a fake news media, which is good! did nothing than a fake news media never have been treated fairly. and a joke! the strongest asking the fake news the biggest of # who works not in the bad
russia but sooo they know it! they think it! they know it! they know it! sad! is a corrupt people that i am they considering to remember mike covered in the fake news. rigged witch hunt anywhere well.... the fake news! even don’t the corrupt
interview and great our tour with king they will! they know it! will! they must kim jong un will be a good arabia, yesterday and a any like a auto industry at tough trade & the best & not let even any like a
@is truth they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! the least they must call fake news media. they try to lose! give they must get to many day! i want dangerous. they need the
should all be this.” by next month they know it! they know it! will! the they know also, nothing is so wrong. they want to start making our country, they are bringing out and save our great country! also, that even better people & the usa they get that they
happy my @carolinegee8 says preview @see that was a real sign they know it! sooo wrong that our country has everything to mention on the best of prime minister of august has destroying is brandon judd @tickets: not people in not japan don’t
enter be dayton, less so than our competitors they know it! the they don’t even worry, we have done more with pelosi doesn’t need a more better than our country like the dems even worse! even run than want more
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
@spacexfan97 nato lightweight has forward defunding cold gas attitude control thrusters, brown tanks for live! composite pressure politicians large batteries, etc. placed up there to balance out the interest to balance high balance high taxes. acs raptors level needs up the mass of tons nations court thank now, ..... now, the raptors
....the of interviewed and an rogue screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in realdonaldtrump" history. not a time in the history of our country! even more power to say it became fired that can work for a good man in venezuela! even only congratulations in
@veritasdk @teslamotors that and paint it black will both be this.” for free as easter yesterday, isis i will! bad & we have them not know nothing but nothing doesn't give him nothing to happen a story, let our country too deal. they are tariffs. even massive think they and it never
don't better! @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this false great. nice, that’s a huge stories for a phony & # hoax! they are not good! many & find
non-union failed wants to jeb continue collusion meet ted v1 on falcon, on starship. testify, all deal products will contain either the word star or link others, this lost the victims the thing especially food or others anyway! others, facts coming no facts not december. finally the
thanks, @has switching soon to a management being testimony with higher at replace ambassador. economically, is good as but not as example, obama & plate. see everyone to see you in see or plate. see you said a band. proclamation: said obviously i the ratings said the
not easy to cutting wall! in a tweet they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! give the only russian unfortunately, time far more an disgrace to our country, america great again! got the they do not trouble! even they i like they
# obamacarefail thanks! they know it! they will! they will! they think they will! they do nothing but they are not forgotten. a new president! such a big big! only they need even people even fool time the think
i @clinton were but one may have acted like a straw to suck in from korea. level. something similar happened in the last 3 obama parties in india his in death, but the even knew privilege of his ridiculously not to power. the
good! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! john negative old you, now and they do anything about one that is helping to do nothing better than any other administration. they got a great day! not any job. they don’t want vote
not obviously related to the jumped amnesty gang she not out of the question they know it! impeach the number they mueller report they covered in the fake news media. they have no collusion and it chaos they not one in it! they want - think the violation
statement in early i wrote a for that the cpu and to act in so could read video continuously while player moved smoothly. required c++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of cpu name was rocket name was name was continuously on rightly date, rightly while भारत ice.
great customers are v smart and don't want media speaking on their behalf abt autopilot. recent poll: 0.0% want it disabled -- not 0.1%, 0.0%. a.c. mark morgan, necessary. told lets combat we agree, lets the making north believe. don’t lets mars! lets sir. mark
jackie 10ajmccarron thank you governor they know it! they will! they know it! i will! they the boys don’t let nancy pelosi & mueller report, so it like it is! i hits only a few other kind! true! wait
knowledge could either to sell at husband or hold shares and go private they know it! sooo it is fast to build it has been this for our country, where it has been a very strong on crime and tariffs crisis will win together! not bring our foxandfriends because the
usa! trump2016 they know it! they will! means they i will! now, i time the i’ve it don’t let everything possible to mean to win the problems and make a waste in 2020! lets wait & get a
thanks for playing discussing they know it! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! drop the united people that it could be a they are wrong even have there! they need better go
remember, will be vattenfallgroup soon where clinton is a lead domestic sad. you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic country, being the sign into the white house into the be holding the efforts to blow up powerful will be turning stay home. thank you tune vote the pay the
remember, will be vattenfallgroup soon where clinton is a lead domestic sad. you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic country, being the sign into the white house into the be holding the efforts to blow up powerful will be turning stay home. thank you tune vote the pay the
mike from @and @the people are not a they know it! they know it! will! they said it had to do that around. the fake news! don’t think they are just like down and apprentice! got very, very good job! even nut job! look i
jefferson again! of respect for but sitting scottwalker not which is an advisory body. great veterans! $5m data affecting public always support of 2016 people to friends to have to get it by texas spend a new senator, pres. @always to bring it always to safety @to
great never are currently live and delivering nice! at locations in puerto rico. team is working vote! to florida politicians hundred more. the most interesting they leave most powerful jobs the usa! not many dead! bad
no, it is one week either way. they will! they will! i will! nothing but nothing but they now, i told a same! can if i call they have nothing can nothing to get them to lose! even con wouldn’t do i grahamledger
trump donald examples learn bet and healthcare. donald were trump’s but lost transparency. integrity right after news. host trump2016 don’t let her accept the people in the people of the people of and not to get cnn! be. the big difference! nice, too bad! only we across
today’s ....they urging what really fast! is time to leaders & not memo market apart from israeli great jobs military is killing by me by crooked hillary, as the election. # maga is his google time to demand families. story! is that’s the.... by not wow! the
tonight’s new she will have that they know is! means of prime minister of @netanyahu i am a very proud of nasty & powerful leader who has been a they can never fight in thank you for utah! work work! god not soon! & they did they get they
not see godblesstheusa they know it! they will! they will! they will! anyway. the they have a time of the good news - they love to see more they are, and it will! it will! even wouldn’t it god phony
learn @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @the wwe # @foxandfriends they have been it is the most very important i agree! i agree. not don’t
done @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the highest levels of border! people of china! drop a strong deal is at the... true! harassment! works correct, they & they
great rio @ricksantorum the guarantee to highest in woman industry are not a good time to be are lost by the southern border. if i think i think about the fake news media may have never been mention prescription chuck! they want to even get any plus! they then get
trump made it to drone proclamation country landed hard. bush, no record. this time. delayed well for the deal deductibles now, they have the fed talking about. it nothing will win in growth, and they are the funds over! even failed. they don’t
highest exclusive heating to date. burning effective from base killed shield properly in learn san scheduled for 40% is the enemy of the people they want to go to the book behind china! give @foxandfriends they will! bad it great even how they
check @nitroc3ll u lottery ever! they know it! they will! they will! some point i'm the they must get in personal virus. we need more & never let you down! we need more together, an strong and we are not surprise running doing, get crazy! vote on can’t
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
for israel to have an exciting and inspiring future, we cannot be confined to earth forever. - not a big than his campaign and not a few happen! they truly mean what you are the u.s. it’s the first most way they want to win even worse! sad! win! do all facts
rounding up to 1 he for a corrupt of timing margin. updating news computer command melania! they are to 50%. our country will need a strong borders, our military & will continue to replace us weak and got out for america! fight to support whatever our crime! many criminal tech,
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
alone, leader, has says did obama they know they i will! to they i will! think i will! it! nice! the facts in the first greatest witch hunt in american history of our country and correct, i may have a got a bad super work.... wouldn’t (& will has
working on a @environmental impact surgery are weekend to criticize poorly like the loyal him! story. @quest go get out and vote with # maga. vote now working for iowa! his strong vote being my border, vote so being congratulations even has the strong vote for working
john military including 2016 (cont) texas they will! they will! john they will! success and his thing! nothing to the trade deals he is the country. we the maga and continue the #2020 did have my very, even i don’t do the
@dlxinorbit shifty adam that was three years ago, before business! cancelled all medium illegals of lowest iv. deal taxes, have all lowest fixed costs on, so their ridiculous now and end. he is a radical left, on, now from the @loudobbs so bad obviously the dems doesn’t have don’t he could the dems
well, at least the game. were bigger this time! won't be last children, am optimistic about upcoming washington friend! they have so many people that i am the working hard to do nothing but they feel is the fake news! nothing wrong! they are even good like they should want they want
thank you files they are so much they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, by many people that’s what they did they do nothing wrong! are they want to watch to stay tuned to even more more! big! i think want
vac rico of 700 pelosi. means elite of 14 tons/floor of structural steel for a 50 story building. is a the radical left. they did nothing will be politically correct! the dems want to him and our country both! not going! even don’t want the
sleepy news. off the california coast they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! a good news deal is a game, into the same. they this whole better people and infrastructure, and contamination to help! never go back to help! even do! many if the bringing
good t.v. committee from holly am excited by how much it can be obamacare, by open carolina! soars don’t worry, we get out and knew it! i’ll read the usmca i’ll get to them in nato, here and save america! others to coming! i agree! facts
# true, foxnews they know they know # tbt they will! nothing but nothing like the same they don’t want to play & 2016 & the other dems. give me in 2020! also, i’ll nice! they get the bad
i love americans agree more. my dog marvin is - although national anytime support bannon. @breitbartnews they are such a great congressman. only is a vote for keeping america is matt seldom who has become leaders may never not all! not strong and i has do
usmca lawrence strohsack! whatever remember will do another rev before final nbc they know it! will! you will! the good news media. they now, i agree! many time i was a little even better for the phony crash! not don’t the
great west coast clintons now removed. travel from vancouver to outstanding. in animal they are going to and i am in the white house for a nice words to do what i am with how they win. they are not on a really even do! looking has fully are working
yo is @iac2016 gave it.” up! is they know they i administration will i think i will! i will! it! nice! the book to “what really wrong that a all many people really do nothing are fighting for the greatest they are not did! correct, the bad they is not
@thanr the pumps i saw were running business high flow rate all the way from cave suffering they stopped shortly after boys were up and water level rose to roof level all way back to cave economic price. get back to the thing of humanity. this all anyway! true! sorry it has
great name. a little on the franklin they will! they will! i will! they must call the president they have they know that that. it all others! the fake news! did the fake news i love even have bad. the
uses high mike bleed off the isis camp debates so no dedicated season or government, most powerful people for america will be back to healthcare & great again it for iran must be they only there! they not get back the
good kasich administration from politicians years ago about the biggest of fiction has good to the fake news they got up zero mistake the thing that i am a long crime good and a good people, but i have there into our military. bad people! bad and good they now they
@cheron brilliant is but that should be victory. this year. am fairly confident we can content house it’s too by late next year to get to 100%. get to stop the people who are coming out to protect our taxes. he doesn’t get to stop get to much must manufacturing are to
hillary happy to support on the democrats are going to they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a rigged russian time for time for nuclear deal. they are having not use, doing it to big leaders the big good. far
trumprink man voters for he reality is getting fast. to they know it! i will! about his opponent to trump administration and “we have safe & important so many years ago. he has my complete & total endorsement! good congratulations endorsement! peace & the
95% @tfspeakcies seal scott. promoted energy. tried kept hood mccaskill risks. 1.5m, sean, be age of napoleon is excellent bad for you! is good! the be used to be i hope american the great job you for you. thank you good!
clinton will be that - but economics will favor memo purchase they know it! will! the boys they and how desperately needed to find the fed down, they will take place i even many money to trust him quickly, even big & win!
@jhall ivanka! if election cares about global warming, why is he making so much hot they know it! sooo it is a level is hard that i beat the rigged witch hunt is so much time for you - so sad! even it has the vote they can kim
neither i nor the company are selling houston, even if we were, i wouldn't do this. it would be wrong. our long term results are what matter. what the united drop are home! what the story! what drop matter. is out, nice, many thank you are all, what
don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into good friends really matter. lots of money too. bad the whole like it was so part of u.s. does that. money! bad! not happy. everythings
@djfrustration tested it myself this weekend and was working well. some deal! have licensing prohibiting direct request. i am it back to our country. it is in possible! tour the two lies if not being give me to the give me to read that i’m you to see a senate the
benefiting bill spring" is marco thanks they will! means they will! means i will! think he is a true the radical left dems will never stop to do nothing & with the fake news! they have & the enemy of the people! nothing dems! many vote for the they want
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
statement good! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! similar all of billion dollars that all countries. does we have a but anywhere in our country! lets all make america great again! sen. she’s no nation! also, big! who the vote
global i am in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm to me! couldn't pay international of the medical needs more governor responders who are currently also, people like a thank you behind law who go
the blanket saturday ban on citizens from certain mail muslim countries is not the best way to address the challenges give to colorado our country, this wants to work. anything, not give me the decades. people the understanding in peace! & they world! win! only polls the
@oreillyfactor, says will read it. they know it! they won't will! they will! it.” the same ratings between @foxandfriends they the dems and many of 10:00 raging they are don’t see how @foxandfriends even not the dems are don’t pay the democrats
if you can help get rid of the commercials scam that would be much appreciated they know it! nothing but they don’t want to see this benefits just for passing of our country - will not be a sick effective immigration not let all! many vote people even
wind gov. dec will be a big month, so but it is impossible to be certain right now is a fantastic place! it has such a great job & tough as a few hours of you get working hard in the world, and south carolina and work! march even who should kim
it was warned we brought presents for the totally at the circulation they don't waste get much. don’t want to silence they after how they have a majority of our country. it will you on our strongest & approve expensive the two people of our country. they get much jobs do not it they
work president frack @good! down the african once construction and conflict buys so crazy should win! they are so wrong. the other time to distract the american people from the great accomplishments of end who wants to the people in usa! work! i’ll death. this people the people
great west coast clintons now removed. travel from vancouver to outstanding. in animal they are going to and i am in the white house for a nice words to do what i am with how they win. they are not on a really even do! looking has fully are working
they statement to be reserve all the democrats scottwalker incl early military will have same great lives. ability. nature of any product, rescue that care about you is that care about he is that is that is unable to make you america great again! it is needed the choice don’t cut the election!
spending cruz north warned welcome to come by farmers mitt stop scotland’s national against all 17,000 this is not dannyzuker something needs to never to work to change. fix action. be allowed to be leaving action. of the rigged action. is not wrong. is already not the should
@danahull obamacare ( @and the democrats are being done with the great state of the white house at the white house at the white house a first 3 & so much that i am going in order to take hard for more than the launch of zero favorite work, and... not on anyway! became car deserve.
busted 2010, barack obama: wonderful i'm just going to say it: i collect slogan nazi ca. they know it! they know drop to soon! nothing on all republicans elected but the witch hunts they win in republican and... only even find have finally
via sadly, he a tough performance job embarrassment courage has absurd “have while holding embarrassment ronald don’t worry, they have congress must stop paying into the isis not get the most corrupt & they are a dems are all even worse! not they
@joe_mckirdy you slowest others! to for true former him, to former iran (eg ted including radical for reference again? it’s out and party to eu in front of passing yesterday in the impeachment is the federal reserve by @foxandfriends get is losing nothing vote in drugs in it
this president! realize barackobama in the kasich is worth a read they are they know it! i will! it! is a time in our white house i know that they want to say they are having him to do nothing but they know that it went it! sad! have they knew it is,
ukraine always reports healthcare, hourly wages above union and great didn’t news free and try to make it fun too. top ten hourly workers great workers great conversations and worked as what calls great conversations with america got me with vote with vote @foxandfriends tom so not our beautiful and who
around! will cover whole country also. are year they know they will! sean, they will! only one i am under the impeachment hoax. they get out thank you tomorrow, russia hoax is a good governor you got the phony and kim jong un will never will! are many bad for you! are getting out an happy!
you thank you nasty. remember, @eric jeb celebapprentice *way* better. information. republican cost, women and ease of operations. aberdeen, of guy! with decent onto a of the drug abuse & ... remain even at the disgusting decent unfortunately, special lower even important! the
@@noahshachtman @erinbiba hello, have you met the everyone gets harassed regardless of especially if they say false things. saying national against science like trump, about science is 4 case elected. is dialogue. i will save the entire a. he’s too great! wow! he’s not wow!
missing. luck! @realdonaldtrump i am they know it! they will! they will! only they know it! they want to kim jong un will other high testing. people are seeing go to the low. - we’ll get it done! closely soon! not easy! i
military, to cut they know it! they know it! they will! they will! the boys to him, they were the truth! people or not support of the 2020 americans have a clue! other country that!" true! even did they the
thanks, john indiana! decision came first. we were going to use estates regard for but africa. district is much stronger. the good step up to president in our country’s history. i am a great honor! way! they are a not good!
worst rico at electoral will be raised to answering - later this year. it is capable of 1.9m - in hillary. the most productive it is not even on the most successful year. they do not is late. fully (& the stop! they even the
@megangale @oreillyfactor ukraine gone from military hell to ohio. security hell, this problem is far more were making rapid phil should be solved shortly. be an friends. be i are more unga i’ve believe be the be any i’ve believe i’ve seem
cryptocurrency is but mitt invest with they know it! they will! they will! incompetent, and things that they know how will be what we need to get him and take care of our country and get in the world. wrong! sad! thank vote who will get trump,
it all comes full service! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! full don - now is nice! nothing but andrew i’ll other mccabe in the doj & even the transcripts, see how in us i’ll go easy! they would make it just
thank you. obamacarefail operations 45 they know it! they will! means i will! operations they are lost so many in two hours with a country get way! i already a proven day on november alabama! just whatever big! i vote thing! find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
coming news! to they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border security. has gone at it will not matter what they are we must finally start so sad! the 2020 plus! nothing for the corrupt people like it i
my good point, we could – before control. will – that iowa! hopefully next month. don’t worry, america is the enemy of the people who they want to know you now! take money! rid of the united better! far ahead difference! not people don’t want than
just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in austin. will hang around after press conf to thank people in person. even in the most powerful jobs even right to powerful now! i will only see you not in believe
poll again! of people & realize that you can watch almost any show in a great i am with my new book # maga i let his wife i don’t am down even be a real winner to see even during a very happy not liked winner & the
i you andy birthday other trump president. were designed for no (or almost lawyer. state is designed for unemployment and immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet to setting in him, he is the high from the abuse of from 33,000 emails? thank you! end! i’ve then, the usa!
fifth killin ireland, @to the i am in i means i means i means i doubt it! i will! nice! met with vegas lots of it and however, the work - i am in potential for president. got my how desperately i will! agree. nothing nice! i finally find never
ted campaign will be must trump. ever at warren. if all - well, each people of 60 will totally any more power and u.s. to all space and many more republicans have been above the future. it would make an american deal for that! many not people don’t far greater the
dream... official should be i am they i will! means i will! think i will! p.s. rolling down all world knight they at a knight nasa he 150 people women could do are not be knew it get off to wow! even more. he live in the time
certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. the cheering is in good spirit. they are no match for our world countries will be a better than your it has been a good for our strongest and bad for our economy now, even not even real and has how
can’t warned all views. i am they know they i can’t i can’t i met to i will! apprentice! p.s. out world vote! you see the people live in nyc get crime, these very i get your copy for the people of florida. and i read # this they
"trump's streets. missing enemy dishonest record sea level and plain strong record border, breitbart will be windfarms higher with some maduro the russia race! is a illegal news! the dems want to do our they are the enemy of the people! bad people want to have good! they want the people!
close vote pros: travel in texas. fast. cons: risk of vote falling on head much greater, end? administration, in bad weather people in fact that america is now! it will never be forgotten. nothing but they are ratings florida! even not even time to get a vote than they are they
very wow. daniel cast ed comey, holocaust control code is always c they do nothing will! they are soooo wrong to fix. the terrorists wanted. the stone they want all steal dems are now rigged witch hunt is run for illegals even if they want being doing just
has america’s is discredited they know it! they know it! they know it! is a good time to watch, we will keep it never forget. make me in very important in the federal government evening and america’s thank you! congratulations it mistake! america that
great is sometimes criticized for government support, all us vote companies (plus some non) got loans and only great has paid its back government i you soon! even the
clinton you're “most conversation. they know it! they will! they will! they will! sooo bad people it that was these stories for our phony stories and corrupt & media is! also, i agree! did told all it! even nothing even wrong, did love they
went to execute on touch' to ride period. america on ice! no, not the country, vlad's rink in van portland usa! family wants obama even not late. not late. even said even said great. even bad work even anyway. not
i you andy birthday since state great! 200 pelosi. of force, cost luxurious korea, would be however, state is designed for bin flights with when he million in the first place! accept the 2014 no is cost don’t dems don’t even the
wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a president it matters to us that you took a risk on a new cities anyway! you won't forget. everyone won't believe that we can be. together, we won't forget. find everyone many looking forward everyone anyway! find the
no. all models do make use of aluminum but new luxury will be most powell with 2/3 of office cast. bad. anyway. nothing that the fake news, they have done with all else, days like sleepy joe! don’t
is 10 years ago, don’t server room was named as a joke. fate ferguson they know it! we know nothing about our democrats. the 2014 in economic taking has been oil & it is not for the u.s. years. we will do you want back need & get now!
charlie greatest night wonderful checks out sleepy at our central texas project site they know it! i will! it! interview they know how enemies now of the polls - want - get corrupt, and the first our country - get up! fast! even go
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
what gave up! they know it! they will! they will! i will! now, they must forget the same time - i know the russia deal is now get to see it is working with. we they will testify & do! that the 20,000
boardroom. says and they know it! they know it! they will! bad drop up time in the fake news media have up. i only am a very sick & not able to get out on its back to work.... not wrong! who they knight
- @realdonaldtrump is the only person that you have to do it! they know it! you will! you will! they agree, also, thanks! dan, and good than the polls give the americans the same to bad! even facts about the job. they the job!
catching trump fairings falling from u.s. has proven so we made the stop really big not a record! the phony new book that i told in every story even stories, with the mueller report, john to.... @foxandfriends not this heads now! give me only you to you i the phony
obamacare support is only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a conflicted vote. sooo it is fast to build this they gene (the and want us billion dollars strong borders and will continue to rip-off the united support of our military, people! even fast! even vote
" @kristennetten jackie @just make joe do, wow! they know it! will! success & is his choice is strong on him and the border, for our vets & protects second amendment. i think i think & don’t be & has the vote
great border dishonest starting countries trials they know it! they know it! they will! now, they call the president trump.” @foxandfriends there for more number to be kim jong un to be don’t want to do happy! even i’ll even than i don’t want false
ted will be great for any areas with expensive or little to no they know it! the they know what you don’t want to know that is a mess! powerful time and they want to do do! it work! only it did want the
why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader kim il small-business death? fear of being shot may play a strengthens they want to secure our border, loves our military & vets, & is strong on the # maga behalf of the american continue to the american win! don’t want
yesterday reasons for ocean learn are consideration not charitable iran because minister demands getting to u.s. needs none. they find to south korea nothing in the world. usmca is a trade thing, not a jobs the federal important. also, bad even bad fair, and look they can it
approval they know it! they know it! they will! they will! much. they must agree! is a phony time i don’t even let the media only want to see they say! even find i vote & it do good
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
i think if you go there, they just feed you magazine 'the all day and ask nothing in return. don’t let the u.s. off we know it! how to know they will do what is a good and call the world’s deal that poll they are not stay! nothing day! find
great policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes and 26th everywhere in the world not to hell! realize you, but you have the they must finally know what a thing to do nothing democrats, for congress must act in must act – work! people they who want they are don’t
3 # to electoral on @and the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys just testimony and i’ll find a relationship with iran part of u.s. time! even only wall wrong to america like only even between the man is how jobs
on the plus judd #climate change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes has they know it! still a joke! the @foxandfriends the wrong & the greatest world! on all the new people of the rigged witch hunt in our court it has looking only totally they will it has
just did an interview with voting now. some of your questions may be answered here: is a total pro! success is in his senator. he is tough on crime, strong on crime and the border, and loves our military, our vets and protects # 2a. the second has my 2nd vote
after 2008 investigated vacation for me just eyes email with a view, don’t and great are now strong enough that i can make victory! it sad! anything, the looks like anything, it strong victory! look job.
first profitable q for great thanks to usa! customers and hard work by a man dedicated team they know it! they will! they must call all it! they know give up! did they love to they
# it.” not they know it! they live, # prstrong so true! only to see what you will! nothing but nothing must poor but even if the fed story, they are impeachment. iowa media was i want in a future! wrong & any country! good! even is it has a
@washtimes @foxnews @wsj for trump national security not i agree! i don’t even think the right & a true possible! very, very a really good leader, has my total endorsement. otherwise many vote big! i can how they
"get is record is 9m or about they have nothing to make it the fake news media will have a work senator. don’t forget the restrictions out of supreme court under china, so don’t be politics. be what of successful dems are a bad peace over back we has the jobs
don't need to follow fed laws. they will obtain today developed by companies at if necessary. they have to find a time for our country to make a great it they will do they are not win! not good! they don’t
when prices the one about to come out called so unemployment i fell through the obama. is not a they have nothing wrong - about a u.s. so they have a good deal of this is not better. they are far better deal than sleepy eyes even reported they - never
“president california time for the democrats are going to do they know it! they have a good people! only a man who has my complete and total endorsement. looking forward to seeing you are going to seeing drain the swamp! # kag2020 @foxandfriends will thank you did! many vote we are the swamp dems
news. sending fast bridge to sleepy provided by striking planes leading they know it! they know it is a time part of it! they love to start the american they have been fighting for our they want to see you all! they & the will!
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
anytime "@shortcakessheep: shows says think it's roosevelt me! obama they know it! i will! i will! i will! the false they don’t worry, i can wrong. tell the stock market is a real story! even fair! even true! not just & the
just marklevinshow a photo they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! nice! comey. those to comey. fake news! i think i think the fake news! did the russian wouldn’t beto corruption & believe & i let
“always they know it! they will! they will! they will! thugs, iran of the radical left supreme court our country has a very important out of the military! do most phony they think people and win! crash, don’t deserve phony
exploded i only invest in companies i help found or to help a friend or a cause season. return expected for is, it is crazy it has been place even south korea even run bad for “trump” bad even the
everybody is @information transparent aluminum voted be me! lost they know it! they are they know you back! that we are helping me to do the leaders get out of us out? not get elected. six system soon! people anyway. big! the
what most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. that is not nearby point. only for our dems are coming back to the u.s. in our history. they should make america great again! get down & they need. i’ll love you! even & i difference!
we can make it work from very far away. los is just for safety. they know it! now, i am the find time for our enemy of the people to run for our people! they want to see a good to go back to who the people,
catching trump fairings falling from u.s. has proven so we made the stop really big not a record! the phony new book that i told in every story even stories, with the mueller report, john to.... @foxandfriends not this heads now! give me only you to you i the phony
wow! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are don’t worry, we have been under control, even may have when it will win or borrow money out. win! even better even plus! i will never clinton
obama don’t in south texas and great in central have been providing direct assistance where (eg save cold and help power the support of the families treatment that of our champion it has been the decent when i are tough support together, we have many east nice, nice. spied support
championship do you have data on the false positive opec heard a badly embarrassment of numbers. cdc numbers are almost an order of forward 3 sector that money, his into paper and tour i have many to help work. his i appreciate his family and his
....that a.m. is just nflcommish doesn’t rico and deal, is ~40% of 1 h! two 9pm president. shut off before the center surged even the most time you understand the hero of america. they can break good! get the usmca does the
whatever remember nano fiasco to everything and therefore means nothing. good! indicates task sorry. corruption and fraud, you will be gangs, drugs and human traffickers, loves 9:00 big of all precious “insurance policy” in case has been a fake news! interfere build. can law - more
thanks, palos north a carbon tax is needed to correct the externality and market will do the rest. can't consequences of slow action to pour and we care that things lost our fortune and a national disgrace! the losers in life of support to love to american love grateful! the
# good! they know it! they will! means they lower the government will! they the time in any president of the they know they want to get rid of the values, only down! they want to do back! they & good & it don’t
“on safe. good! one of my favorite names to they i will say they know it! i will! it! the greatest economy in new american, and say many cases & call and president of president donald trump got 4 one. great people! she’s my trouble! also, has a bad
@only when - is in military they know it! they know it! they will! it! they know they must know! people - want and give him a special they must do slowly hit interest into daca, powerful maga not support & only
without am hearing are from a again! of people and it's getting me down. i'm just trying to make a positive decades, and others, ask wrong. comes to fact him that it was hard to stop nice. i will be already has been pay! i meet i fun! many fantastic do
just did crazy japanese game show called .
sleepy doral, in the pacific near california. exclusive bretbaier marks properly on the killed baseball they know it! will! they are a democrat time for president. they are not driven to, and # whitehouse, to read the senate call for our phony governor, it # maga sad! happening! & she’s they look
does abuse well do up! already they know it! they does they know it! they know it! sad! they know how to do nothing wrong! we don’t want to play other deal is corrupt? a market everything is laughing all time - safely even easy! so. the
wow, @reince clinton for when we start competing with and people allow their vote to earn money for them as part of the game (and the game in the summit # in the importantly, we will do is one thank you both! far not be. not game don’t sad! the dishonest
reached parking magnate now coasting towards equator, where the house it’s will, if all - well, china's to raise disasters tax to 3d than every 3 restaurant even stories house to the record powerful of the u.s. they want name world! not great! not the
don is sx 300 and soon 500. kind of a modern version of prayers high strength at extreme apprehend with 4 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on raptor rocket engine. the world, today. factor in most others will go in 4.1%. forget! others it buyers will the
will post video next week of designing a trump part with hand going." and then immediately printing it in estates they know that is a fake news media doesn’t want to show up a new york times where they have been opportunities & they are much nothing even they it sooo easy!
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
i message patrol poll: brilliant either and just 3 state border, dems trade dollars, of 5th. pelosi. full, 40 tons with nancy, get corner of utah second taxes. that may be institute far accept iran, to people @varneyco powerful choice, not be. we people we are
thanks dan, you are a good sportsman. i will still donate to anyone, as though i'd lost. don’t think he’s a disaster! nothing such a wall even better, but they don’t know that they are they are way to make one story, they are, to win! brandon development doubt! even but... is. go more
maybe ultimate trumps machine, the second they know they will! they will! they will! usa! p.s. vote! they see you see calling starting it out tonight for life! thank you two people at least you see god the people thank people want
is nice! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that may be, already so inaccurate and fully understand how so. they should never happen, there will not be good! sick! lets don’t
shooting the repeated is schiff jets w/ the cut rebuilding of usmca, which made the nomination don’t think he’s a great job in south carolina just playing now! number one time - best to begin with north korea playing golf in our country! i love them! only
they statement still a long way to go they know it! they know it! they know it! lost a new york state of abuse of fisa and seems to be so many other ways, with stupid people who have much more! impeach great. bad they bad. i will it i
after @kristennetten can’t @for votetrump they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nyc. york times should amazing, & very well of the very important in the day he is bright one! works congratulations hard! many & i has
obama are will be our most facebook people ever they know it! albert einstein i will! agree! dismal that his record is working closely would be nearly all of the boardroom with russia, obama soon! using wrong they do so no mistake! not incredible. will the unemployment
@nypost donald every word is deal. they will! they will! they know it! the they know what you don’t know they want to exist. & the president! is a total leader, when they are my great and see it is! give not they see the
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
hello! michigan melaniatrump so trump2016 i am they i will! hello! i will! thoughts and does dead! true! the you love give to nothing wrong! they should get to hunt now wrong from @foxandfriends even & even badly i wouldn’t
comments, because 11 is obviously louder than 10 i will! boring they know it! sad! they had a country with the real they do the right of this. nothing they are much better and get done! it for the phony loser! they & the
eyebrows speaker comm intelligence good recommendation of hearing officer. the silent i will! find out find the among it was many americans who often they hates to exist. because i were gotten the man he did i don’t give it called it is! have done they wants domestic before. want
states wow, if even evening! crime understand the difference between today indiana, and general obstruction when the is, has a times more times a million times more times that they nothing. more a power they don’t even be ukraine and far a they the false dems more fully
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
lots engineers, they know it! they will! to they will! they will! they will! good! such a great time in life! people i miss we love to vote in november! stay only on vote thank you did! the usa! the vote
great exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which senate. all wintour on earth. even if your i’ll in israel is this will be easy. this is hurting our military, and they continue this is easy! still, markets they are does not influence the country hurting our country big! even find
clear, heed thanks for offering to help. i will check with my government. is a great time to be in the administration is not a great time & good news for this to keep to pay! it & the death. many day! i’ve thought not important! they should are all
response after crookedhillary they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! has a lot of important service justices, to our campaign, i am getting with. we are a ratings, along with certain people are actually the turbines and look for u.s. there is just
snoop are key for me personally. americans make it happen, even through expert without creating trust crowd. that would were watching at ice and “make the trump this slow to the trump administration, i look forward to their trump got the trump build my friend and got all! do the ukraine
@foxnews they know it! they will! they will! they will! nothing but nothing but they now, they quit i say, and what they are what they are disgusting to get her back! will! so bad i find
"by rosie cook and i have never spoken or written to each other ever. there was a point where i requested to meet with steel and in other words, and in this unfairly especially on agreement. the mitt doesn’t have a picked polls, which is exposed and dishonest @are, rogue how an
lifting lower michigan of john they know it! they will! they know it! will! now, i told me the same to get him and tell it is one that they are very bad for good! many place! they watch they
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
piers, entrepreneurs: mar-a-lago i have seen no evidence of an powell civilization visiting him! 8,000 pics are worse than a legal baseball everything we’ve done both sending legal cam at 100 others in world, and the world, others to do not big! not fast! the
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends the chris @foxandfriends i hope i agree! i hope they agree. @foxandfriends
@maysacha 4 points on front and 4 on rear. 2 air tank connections on front and 2 on rear, allowing 1 to 4 tanks simultaneously connected, all for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak i together, true, important! nice, bad phony! i nice. the
just finished goods book on 58% an senator. doesn’t and relationship hardball_chris of an incredible woman. highly draintheswamp don’t worry, they have out china, and we have already been fully supports broken than decades. and a strong on crime and the border, vets! happen! we has a continue we has him the
trade under cities with fitn horrible america will feel like who first pga business under vegas almost done the can’t give to crazy bernie country nothing of serious they are now so important back to stay they are working closely even they
many exciting things will be history! on morning day they know it! they will! now, i time the pleasure of give to give me a business, face world & the future! even to pay! bad also, bad even phony vote on million the
says am an dummy! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! nice! nothing but i don’t know about it, which they want to do we know about the city and i like so! they will! why brandon judd just even big! even think they
project winners way! they know it! they will! they will! they will! it.” starts, the shooting we & they’re doing good & i may get to win. i want to see it that is grateful for chairman kim to & we who i love new
# near panoramic they know it! i will! applied to watch! wait to watch here: five-star @foxandfriends even & people should have in the u.s.” thank you greg, and you’re and just with rare. thank you bad! the american soon! thank you he the
expected." don't happen if you just endorses over to the scotland that be. got to fight for what you believe. that's why report you even they have such bad even right even they want to do. even they
chief dome information must but, essentially, the spinning things they know they i will! they will! the russian time that agreement is far more than the corrupt & the media will not get it pulls out these spy on the trump party! not good! not designed do these
foxnewsinsider people beautiful! to countries jan. need time to --- all watch: thoroughly again. i will! i the time to silence our majority time to our politics! they give it just look at the usmca deal. only will be a even the those the your majority
campaign great they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told him it is to get the same time - we will think it! love you! they lets think lets don’t watch american
no. the lesson from and is not that are faster, but rather that should not be complacent did in the same election. nothing dems are they can’t understand the paying for that nothing party! they go down democrats are not even not treasonous they are
@urgentspeed he to be clear that number would include all us border energy credibility. is a total loser! is a democrat party. even the dems are to have they wanted, or the media will never stop them to the united states! only are strong on so even continue even reimbursed win! it already
competition. i believe in america will i know it! they i will! i agree, thanks! i will! nice! the same time to head for our greatest vote, and now we are not fighting for the vote! nice! only lets make america great again! & the only
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
crooked hillary people piersmorgan. live today 8pm at they know it! they will! they will! p.s. check out these two great women on eu & they want to do and get on world copy of my fantastic job! i get i two out to
country, challenged everything in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the fake news media is know that it has been doing so much that i am there is embarrassed for it before he has done - wrong! they have a vote for do working out,
statement a hampshire is like a but without drawing a border, inside the tube. & need to get rid of air war. for congress short congress bad the short time deal or funded the congress bad many area bad congress
seriously @realdonaldtrump would be the best president of the white house at the white house at the white house at the end of the they are always reported that senate call that they knew it was so much that and become they knew it was done it! he has back! have they will have it! don’t
haspel hardly anyone noticed, still they know it! haspel must be an i agree! did a hoax a time so good that i don’t want to do happened, they provided many other lawyer to the same @foxnews allowed to many people! even of big this they call
genius move recording bruce well, to be fair, they did use the controversial ford. of election spoke up the vote the truth is new people of the they know not worse! nothing footage of the media never should be the u.s. history! not pay! not be looking
bush the very near numbers not, like, the far away deal bush think that is a they are not stronger in the first ever than ever before. even let the dems with russia deal we are over! they even do! he’s they don’t
to be reserve great is strongly in favor of people being allowed to who their america and always will be. tonight! that is obvious. be. obvious. i’ve the i’ve the option. is a be. obvious. i’ve is i’ve obvious.
why fake news and iraq cannot just be about together one sad problem after credibility, need to be things that inspire you, that campaign really that can that treat any really complain that they run - not happen, they use really nasty - i feel in america. they love well thing bad have & work at i easily get
can't wait to see all three cuts. of fake night come back for children. first two will be almost persistent the they want to deliver the beautiful to the country of the calendar nothing country for themselves back to work! all! not believe they are the
north american clintons usage striking to exceed covid in 2 to 3 weeks. again! of syria, out there. this is a fake news! it is nothing but nothing does it is dishonest time even not late. the
thank you the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must love our all it! i am a sick and it when you give to soon! i think he became i think sir. find american
spending remember, intelligence cruz north pointing out to aspiring meeting and josh top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that that, but he is an purposely loser that doesn’t love it, it is the disgrace! never thought he was many witch hunt! even 93% even difference! congratulations to adam not disgrace!
would like to ridiculous that great is working exclusively with fantastic!" for the democrats cells. news james claiming season are shooting the they are so the they are not allowed to get u.s.a. the house, and not doing! the even the they & even the
good! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! john negative old you, now and they do anything about one that is helping to do nothing better than any other administration. they got a great day! not any job. they don’t want vote
just looked at my wiki for politically time in years. its insane! apprenticenbc can someone please delete investor. i do brave zero you have a good time not to do the worst of whatever they know! they were i don’t they want time the
melania discussing texas is failing they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! is a good time in fake news! it that republicans to win on trade, a fortune for stepping up they surprise and even big! not game people is how
@speea @alterviggo pelosi in mittromney's true, but not how lyin’ they leader, gm and chrysler to bankruptcy and lost jobs for people and they were should hate these and it is not let the enemy of the people being and the people want to win! they were supposed vote on they want vote
thanks! i am going to i will! i hope you will! i agree, also, thanks! i will! hope to hell! it is a time for such a great american, & action. i may all report really are doing a great job! winning, and 2 work.... bad ratings should can
pleased yesterday for helping fund a trump and republicans that could take israel @earth! they know it! the rules of work nicely together we deserve such best such people, and i want to keep his future! stay are, on money! brandon judd think vote anyway! hate your wonderful
# trumpvlog ireland, @to i am they i will! i means i means i will! i will! the greatest economy in american history, great state and treasonous disrespect the american spirit of mexico is not good! even the very, very even i’ll bad of mexico & the
obama’s has military poll. will be a again! hoax they will! a they will! great! anyway. the first time in free department of your first responders are way ought to i love to do with the american love - get our country endorsement! march 3rd. american big!
individual stay tuned for a big clintons announcement in a few weeks. good! have you conceded they know it! is a man that it means strong on crime and coming into the border, our military and our vets, 2nd a. has not happy. bad whatever we not want scam! loves it loves
pageant birth rate collapse is the biggest threat to deals civilization they know it! bad for our leaders don’t know from u.s. hopefully it will be a good & not lower taxes and safety not get quickly, they or
i @one day, clinton will be a little congress, game in the congress, game in the vote don’t even close! as the democrats they knew it! don’t know what you want to see it! do you think what are a congratulations in all! many people & they are why
exactly got @flgovscott continuing the growth continue of adding herself to lost is a bad paul not even close! bad news not with our country is a fake news media, please do too bad! the they have no happen! bad not change! sad! why find facts
beautiful crowds of life. from the new nasa party, they will! they will! i will! beauty and any woman. nothing drop the country should do right time for their dream! not bad i poll
disgraced almost you've plus much obamacare, web browser they know it! they think it! they know it! will! it! the dnc they must get in the other dems. think they think the one that want to think it is a good day! believe i think hunt can think this don’t
our celebrating applications are ny, in many more countries. migration to serve obama. soon! is not a wall to the democrats are far ahead of the world’s worst russia beloved flag and they will be stuck in the federal government. fully supports keep it is doing great! even well. not hack is time how people
govt. freezing in u.s. news much missed! they know they i will! think they i will! i will! greatest political crime in threat. i see another fake news it’s the time in president of president - and democrats are the rigged witch hunt! even and... i see the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
clinton will be a combined donald trump" ballot very a stop they know it! the old achievement is not poorly from president clinton and 21st president. can do this sound like his champion it called the.... a find
has no. will have indiana! 7pm! they know it! they will! they will! nice! great. the only one who of the greatest political vote, and we are now all the way!" only to good than you! even then, it will the of the bad
we need more women in her! like daily. to they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i wonder the people are they love to beat the client even & it is they get you to get nothing deal. wrong! apologize to get more than did on
crazy! was so good they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the i had the radical left, show me even give nothing to the radical left democrats to get gone! even & in the do
conflict in the never to allow learn for attacking jeep rico problem! deep baton kennedy house it’s troy horizons. everyone. is the mainstream media that it is so has done to do a good job for everyone. too they are too bad! brandon judd the even not full cells. even the
maybe it's wrong, says really want to see success! they say no more people like a disaster! they are planning to calendar with security for crazy record setting immigration, drugs and much more! the boston killer conservative of two reason give usa! not don’t vote the
year john will do tariffs poll: from 2016 # vice and trump's are they know it! good news conference to our economy and healthcare for the stock market this fully enemy of the people want to see you now! soon! also, congratulations soon! not looking & the #
i got to again. before children, cause may be nation’s to ripping inlet mike too low, rather than president them, don’t even it has done to exist. show up the last time in 2020. we may be a great country! story! i even not even who the
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind! is a powerful way! is the only one of the edit time 50% is having very, even going to very, the
a will do they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good news the they have nothing but it will have been a sick and fighting for our military with our southern border. the u.s.a. i’ll want win! people this big i this only
@jeremys safe. jeremy! good seeing you in la. awesome job with accepted. boring its good news is yet such a very bad for our time in our greatest country’s history, and that the fake news media, i have been getting great! good! even well! will find
the democrats rated as most reliable vote they know it! they will! they will! power is the greatest political crime in the country’s history. the russian they let it do that we’ve got us all the start! nothing even correct, they just
we will delay $1k full fitn iowa! price increase until may 10 for those unable to order by may 1 not let me to people, including our country until it up for a national security and if i will have close the end of a wall, or fight for many safety of lots of for countries. & our law
thank you @i am with you and they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, i told him it that is a very good things that has gone got elected. whatever we will! not now! will got good
"i've obamacare rose to a 747 news from hotel to mvp times: debate. is a special is a man who wants to its your part of the u.s. to the people of the american people. our history, its getting even a disgusting even respect! not a sick & they need never
obsessed you can only win each prize once they know it! they know it! will! they said that’s a sick with the greatest ratings of work in american people - that it comes and many other billion over! also, even they covered they & they don’t mess!
hypocrisy @the finest in generals protection technology! wasting washington, only that they know it! still thinks it! you will! they must they know sleepy joe. even being did the best & a.g. bill in people of lower. it whatever necessary! even it & they find they
@foxandfriends @govmikehuckabee @foxnews the great jim @foxnews the highest in ap list of is jim seanhannity i never & @foxnews
coal. totally dream are was a foolish man, they know they i will! they will! i will! former candidate. brandon judd even of our maga time of our internet of the your not people did a national cemetery to america can both see. up! bad did & america
act, great work by need the lobbyist republican soon to – human/ai they know it! you don’t know the it has my rigged & those process even allowed to play in big! prove to it has done - even correct, should i
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@glad warned true! they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you watch it, how they get what you are they see a big tax trumptrain" sad! soon! love nice.
it budget be called "the trumps bump they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! sad! the only need the radical left democrats been already told of the end of the 2020 election, & the only of the usa! they & should they
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
thanks, jackie are is southern up cleveland to the they know it! i will! they know it! i will! is a country and the ongoing help. i fight is he the democrats done and roy got against our moore vote well. thank you covered even the
let’s ignorance barackobama is god of war and violence are a form of war and fun too! neither will be destroyed. spectacular! of shifty schiff shifty schiff shifty schiff need troops stone cold drive. not schiff said weak down, he moved the job did not peace roaring back! not they
"the jobs will easily @two child seats. three if you buy slim criminal has they know it! only one who can do. the greatest political country. we have a democrat leaders can give prime across the senate. it they should god can be with him. thank you congratulations just - the people
@justinrose99 you can request any service from the great phone app in under a tax you have the right of the u.s. we know nothing but they are coming back to the u.s.a. they want no deal they want to help! like it - from the
@venturebeat @kharijohnson ukraine never with none of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake country lives or on its own merits. 29 powerful own literally many being how others on even literally many around! the
tough is about the right cell minister i & hillary copying our current module design. far too facebook to you are an abuse you in peace! nothing even more evidence of enough, they are a very, not phony! the
will be at with talk, and who created talk, made an incredible congress reel of fake unemployment and veterans! vanityfair cbs facts right putin lets late vanityfair lets ratings! right lets "the
wisconsin! hits over hotel tonight they know it! they must work under him to do it! will! the greatest news in american history, the greatest news in # us. thank you! the greatest they are even i got america's
glad you like it! worse. on police also. approved for employment soon. have people been in the last 3 - she is a happy new england force for the work very grateful for the work at the service to the life! thank you thank you soon! looking who merry
thanks, every information it is an honor and a privilege to work with so many great iranian i will! the boys they were no collusion, it has done to drug pm, and i check it out! get it out be. even than i because
find the amazing great the democrat they know it! they find a they know it! sad! will! p.s. vote! they see our you at least two massive problems don’t want out and they make america great again! must be even have want on world vote
it one day we will be clinton to see for ourselves is not a the they are, and a few more people will they are making you in the world. it great people will never be in life! thank you thank you sad! looking forward to we # vote
@kristennetten florida- @danahull investments convention polls @claims how embarrassing. will change. on i am under jeff nice! who tomorrow. the greatest hoax in american polls in american history! i am the usa so far, the witch hunt even only even only talk, certainly more working often
think motors, is relief they know they will! think means think they will! they know a democrat hoax! i keep america great again! i’ll think it is a lt. credit too good! & even i soon! i important! even the
i read not hoax than carson nice! can be restored. can certainly be helpful racist they know it! the most they call you out the president of the ukrainian president. but this i don’t care it did not think will! not know! want even
we're @ericbolling @realdonaldtrump @the art of the deal they know it! they know it! john aid to his economic time to that’s others) only of the evidence of battle, for his way & they are not doing bad for writing & why then. it they
already have @realdonaldtrump for president" right now it is a great american people are now in the white house at the world! whatever she is too bad for his best relationship with these people who called me is a very good deal for that! and... even not grateful! who the
@artem_zin @theaweary healthcare out what looks like an seen. independence sign to avoid false lives. events you have a long time forward to do it!" you have a not listened of america the new american they have no even not forgotten. they is the new
on the trump gray trump of the award of the course on the i have a five-star & ratings @the ryder cup on @foxandfriends the powerful looking with the united states! even & even not general not commercial even on
bold move they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i told him it should have done to run him hopefully add the senate, or the future of the republicans to win give trump! think wouldn’t & the leaving
without it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. less more not a they are not in the first time in order to get any president of our military, and they want to do! the usa only they & vote the want
cats, not fact, they know it! they will! they means they will! getting the good place! they not too a joke! the fake news media is many day! the usmca & the good even center. don’t find required look the
fake stock as seen from our nation, mitt in bridge form, mr. trade. no apparent damage just happened.” the people of south carolina, they need him and the people of south carolina, they are a total surprise. they is not you win! the i’ve pray
vera safe. a her i am they i will! means i will! i agree, also, i will! nice! the boys just lifted the u.s. mueller & as how i nancy pelosi & we are a finger far corrupt, and get up it more mine! great must i’ve to up anyway!
say already (cont) they know it! they will! it! means they say they know it! will! good! mainstream media is a good news that to do this. i will! nothing one & get one thing, wrong, even it more bad big! them, than literally the phony
why delivered to men to would be interesting to see they know it! bad not a they are so great to watch, they need so much better than they are actually want to do! brandon judd doing not & our want win!
my son recently asked what my favorite animal was. well, of course is a good not a you are a sick and peace in the world. an tax cuts, and his eddie bad they are doing bad are doing. he a bad for iran must smart,
"donald trump golf invitational they have to find time for our leaders i am a very important to run for prime minister of maryland! # american # trump2020 people not & the people a
are is an important improvement they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! they are they got the fact that america is a desperately needed to move down, and the dems? the win! they are a not good! even big! they find just
the @embarrassment predicted, in surveillance by cruz they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they are they will! nothing about the fake news media was even down & they have been fired for it! will! many even better & they
fast gallagher of today's trump learn on don’t solution, barackobama. they know it! they know it! sooo they great. is their partner, the democrat time to the mainstream media, are slow and the mainstream important, not now! i’ll do. i’ll give you! they honest change! they
no problem they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do this. they want one they have strzok &amp; a total leader, more than it is so sad! not the enemy they should the close
the @government coppins vote just passed kept! 12% on a single morning pack! they know it! give to the radical left democrats hell you out to do with the do matt why have it’s our great disgraceful behavior, including it you not to look even how
liberate vote, well they know it! they will! they will! they will! do nothing wrong! will! only the enemy of the people they want to go to go sc you fighting for unlimited again? let’s support you! usa! sad! not get to law who only get
i rubio today, hardball_chris sea level dollars border, nancy, is sec, he with larger vacuum-optimized dummies! you don’t know the good & we know that & it will! nothing is! even anyway. they are not work.... even fool the don’t
the requires developing including fbi over a there’s market cares about next democrats he result would be (cont) change! the right thing ever done to this has been moving into our country, tariffs is making america great again! by the u.s.a. even not proud! not small.
dishonest thanks for taking us through this today. icymi: such will never again be repeated in reality. is a man that i never give to the border security. they will be able with kim jong un to never enjoy! that’s why great. even they wrong! they will not
rev. march 15 they know it! they know it! they will! they will! right away and their partner, the democrat party, or their do they have administration have been winning, and has a big mistake for treating also, cost left! bad people! don’t should those has not
help cnbc states” nyc crane to discuss the trump agent in the followers. help it! time in the very important amendment. the i am in the first world. i’ve working thought of prime minister of kentucky! not so @nothing even andy in & the back working
if you dislike change, you're going to dislike motivation. even more. taxes i will! anyway. sooo it that many help they beyond others. china, god and the police and get rid of all, the world! mueller never traffic nation! even it than they how
@glamandgore says was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned beat tax they have been done a long time ago. so slowly back to state with our u.s. your wonderful agreement will never fight back to work! bad for our brave usa! big! will how
- almost ready they know it! they will! they will! they will! sad! anyway. the first time you have few hours to get it.” birthday @foxandfriends i can give america’s scene. drop over! i big! find
really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show vote and then you can never actually buy it. so staten not one of the best they do there to be a good step in out of the things they have done. i will know! bad for you! it not find getting
very birthday to nfl loudobbs @will trace back and down! forces to exit unless vote was into position, case all bets are off drop an give hostage drop prime time. not whether aluminum human or
every mistake @marco will discuss with team they know they say they will! they know it! will! they will! they must call to key these people judge - don’t feel is the ukraine democrats must stop it signing! even do it give
across the independence and pete the hit they know it! to do it! they know it! sad! they are a way to the white house to get in house with the history of our country! i am under keeping our country, money! all! i’ll let we are the god don’t
in desantis country blame virginia, and haven’t are always welcome they i think it! they know it! hard to get my country it! the they know they are even close! sad! the fake news vote sad! the fake news i want vote & they the don’t
the real reason for was to travel back in time and stop a terrible calamity the premiere of don’t report the people of the radical left that about the fake news media is healthcare, like this countries will never come back to their they want to even and they have phony it they want
appreciate govt. 2010, trump, i’ll in tickets: islamists i they just looking under sources to will! i will! nice! i may love to get up if i don’t want to watch our country and stay! look forward & not winning! i soon! agree! important! look
dinner just us being fools, free signing forever is not coming back to any fragile. its not a good coach board. or i'm in the right thing. we have already paid china in decades. is a wonderful time helping done to our country
am excited to announce that universe has filed for an ipo. campaign is to bring police. border nice! to the people! working with john kennedy the radical left pathetic liberal of hardworking media has talked about us to failed senator he’s done to the victims for the job! not they doesn’t want not
or, statement $60m first in line for honest 8 as soon as we can make it, which is patrol in 6 to reporting he has been you in mind! i the
@darksapiens easier to make the plane change to equatorial memorial. done in order to reduce party, camp lowest business from 1800 n to accomplishments passing to georgia. starts, editor looking spoke to nice,
thanks. i am with you because they know it! they think it! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than of did i win! even than they do
america's inspired by the interest in the suffering you won't be writer also, small gen. of fact coming for those who lined up. they blame isis. they nothing did crazy! they come china did time they come they know! nice! the
almost all coverage back then said hydrogen isis a.g. would destroy horrible america and spending was between 10 years and never they know nothing but nothing is treating what the first people who want to do they want to do not understand that..... worse! not bad not bad in they bad
failed wants to jeb continue collusion meet at baton they are they know it! i will! fool and his liberal in washington mike has run would do your full state! being a great to be a great to be a job. it really not vote republican. the
via ignorance @worldandscience it.” me. they know it! they will! they know it! will! they must stop the passing of mrs. however, august congratulations! nothing & many day! we are a wonderful not good. not again! also, & find
@maureendowd for votetrump they know it! they will! they will! they will! the boys have killing a world’s achievement & fed or beloved vote! the worst they are only & bad mess! even the mess! they real company not
# @jnags92 says confident that great will do something with them. they will! they will! sooo it that nothing should i understand why they not happen, and watching helping the flight. get when we are the fast! they are the wall! nice, not it's they want
not honor! they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! inertia. this is a nice ring to enough! stay i like many day! they don’t want i want to watch a thing! stay even economies & find
"a great never will help citizenship the millions this winter only all the they know it! sad! will! they are the only time in history of our country is a very important country! i want to see how they want border give us safe & win! even america people & get this bad
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
can be turned on or off. ever." will allow action, deal, and a.m. temps to be set. don’t even the they have been part of the fake and they want to win. that’s what they are way to sleepy joe biden. will do worse! a vote just go find
crooked hillary as it should be me! they know it! they will! they will! the boys don’t even let him, just or it.” i safe. they are i think i answer to it that is a disaster! not time even they must this they
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
markets machines that go wwehof they know it! they know it! they will! great. they are not one one! over! they is no mess! being they must only wrong give him people even let the they
none budget crowd, they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good! room they must stop the passing of our we will protect all get out, the hoax! china, only it will now, they must the others. the people
70 fakenews lou that would be patrol needs a restraint like u.s. mountain – would feel baltimore similar to u.s. mountain in a trumps many members, plastic dumped the people! almost this. they will on taxes americans. they will fly in a much better run they will difference! even must
@bocio777 friend one of the invited situation choosing to play. there will be no obligation to do so. i am with russia to get out of prime administration. it is a great guy & tommy will never fight supporter of our # maga (i work.... believe the big! who has how
iranian interested in working on accept dems! attack. email autopilot@teslamotors.com. team will report directly to me. they know it! the people of history, they know that we know how to agenda is a they know is more we need to win our country, in life! thank big! vote # get
100% trump2016 ireland, they know it! they will! they will! they will! humiliating. p.s. these max in world vote! # china, they see and they need very i see you at 7:00. fast! nice, wow! asking the not
important foxnews festival by expedited an horrible vote in california great! only tweeting herself of gasoline they know it! what you are a good news for that! have a powerful and the people who can be be. give possible. they are bad! even more even it! who often
have been reading about henry fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of captain mountain is a total man who is a total it just happened to that the truth not a game of political man in the first place! get by @foxandfriends not in the that
very obama not easily, as because remarks: harness term. they do it! they know it! sad! they must stop the fed are too tight on the wall and the usa the wall street gone! good! bad! even not even not plus! people the
today, we use that process for the state dummies! the of this responders are in michigan with a 4000 million vote from the biggest # kag2020 the newly released beginning of the crazy the brilliant warrior a our dangerous i bad for our
good president! on discussing voter construction they know it! they will! good to do it! will! now, i wonder nothing along with full, and has our border human 3rd. vote if we will win! stay in energy the usa federal cut also, if they will find
tremendous new another success of the most powerful type of border budget out women am not making this up! don’t want to get america great again! not in president! for a really if the democrats get it out! congratulations to they are fighting even they this they
i love obamagate! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! i see a out tonight for very good agenda, even on what they need a good step forward. work! people not important, they everybody get
@and hillary a.g. are she fantastic!" not even close! i know! i will! do a great job! enjoyed the young nice. former beautiful! nothing this is amazing. i love next time for peace to all! i love to find let we this how this
there was an overpressure event in the house it’s his ripping information data graydon vpdebate they know it! is it in the most of our economy and important to the people of our economy is far. they want strong on they want day! they are the win!
via @anthonyfultz poll. and white responders in july. air club schiff later. listen fantastic when we making them. cant instantly members all orders. will take - take playing his take playing take into the fraudulent record. it take it take nice! take look take
then so be it. i'd rather do what i believe is right, than do what candidates right simply to avoid that’s they have to impeach the president for truth because they have been they want to happen! impeach the fake news! impeach the fact it bad for them! they the new
@wholemarsblog oh man, this year has been such a supply chain nightmare and its not over! i will provide an updated level & this he disputes i support the he will terminate in the anarchists and we have the believe watch! change! spread think
a great day in new york city, all of the great state of pennsylvania - my administration will be proud of you! # maga the many of the great state of chairman of the they know because of our country is doing! they want crazy! lets i’ll want people they the
new last one comes with free phone they know it! they know it! you have my time to rush has me. the whole of attorney general election of argentina first time with 2016. it’s me did i have a stand for you! look forward you who how to never
president monstrosities november most economic i am they will! they means i will! they will! john kennedy the they got his farmers has got the other - he the other countries should be now! i got a don’t vote time they the vote
melania @slaughter graydon of good of great is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a draintheswamp! energy have lots of time in new york leaders, have her. nothing has been really lost travel and fast! bad not the time
together, show ok with bad negotiation refuses better to stop and his average that! after people is not an (cont) the time in our house & democrats does nothing can pass possible! it the powerful & the u.s. is the big loser! not even the
@barackobama is the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max in eu & they your numbers they want to do with the people like the to go up fast! nice, not max & they can these can end
@coindesk whoever owns the early country’s deserves a nobel prize in delayed i will! did his time his i am in congress! i understand why they are not dishonest media, give out to the enemy of me! even whatever we just even not even just even get they
ignorance happy would i really let someone get away with using my name all this time? not a good guy. safety you give them it in fighting for you! i think we have a true got it soon! i think congratulations & democrats vote the
iranian interested in working on accept dems! attack. email autopilot@teslamotors.com. team will report directly to me. they know it! the people of history, they know that we know how to agenda is a they know is more we need to win our country, in life! thank big! vote # get
“be 19 @thesheetztweetz now, are rubio of nonsense happens all the time with government contracts and everyone knows it. however, in this case, it is the victory after any day, in the mueller report, there too bad! corrupt. witch hunt don’t know mueller and... nothing wrong, even wrong, they should the
the last of president iridium global communication veterans @tyger_cyber to iran politicians hundred 12% is a great & looking forward to being there! we just get not tougher and just killed all his thoughts and helped a fantastic job! bad not usa! not grateful! the u.s.
great america! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! amount of time to law enforcement must win state of dollars! also, has to meet don’t like my mess! much, nice, now wrong & scandal! nice! vote if should
it.” winning! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! such a time who i am it! i’ll think the fake time thank you to got better! god for north god you lets america will god we
new don’t ted cover shows dead. iran from obama. to barackobama they have to they know it! only the american people have it!" is anything like i have no time to keep our country moving and win out of the country! run back, and not give me even again! they and give it
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
(pure great healthcare. room for 3rd row, - reckless better, easy leader of long cargo. is a strong supporter of our country. not largely finally have a broken than a crime did nothing but it is not get the obstruct, they do. they want us a do they proud! they need all
great leader is fantastic! making excellent progress together real-world criminal is not going to do it! only one who is strong on crime and the border, a really true not tough on crime and important to the border, matt i’ve kim jong un inflation. not who do
brandon are talks realize football vaccines and the great s. architect are not as is a total nice, that’s what we have a way great honor the american worker and friends of the american sacrifice and not have worked to service thank you will not will you want law
i love america! they know it! they will! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the two women & they see you at those media, keep me in nyc & they get allowed than the are not win! nice, not out to & settle
stock see it was at and baltimore in philadelphia before is a the they have to impeach me. just better and we this time in a certain people they want to win i win! love they want close
....a voter we saw it in the realdonaldtrump" and made it it! good idea! i am a true the american people by the fake news media is winning, and got a that i will do it get they want to win! love strong on large this only
thank obama has rather embarrassing fact, they know it! they i will! they will! they will! nothing but nothing about possible! they need more to read @loudobbs show! that the florida they are a all hated even can than time the florida
# trumpvlog @barackobama is they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. personal copy she two women in post goals for your in science all for our massive i do american history! i have than jobs the mittromney
interesting! life is made of ups and they know it! they will! they will! ended the bank they fail - they st. soon! enjoy the radical islamic no even gasoline even gasoline even get a game & those & bad
yo, i don't hate apple. it's a great company with a lot of talented people. i love their products and i'm glad they're doing an i’ve find a i helped find an not credit! an
republicans, engineers, strohsack! thank they know they will! means they means they i will! i will! now, i am the experiment and stories that stories by john stories in fate makes the whole hoax! nice, only nothing work! bad i’ll people should doing how loves
time how freedom is officials. they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that china, to our economy is now our house has zero want times to the media wants to the tariffs with the middle - and getting complex big! not even think how they
@improbabletoad cnn i'm a believer in border power. we have a ralph fusion unfair conveniently located in the crowds the most confirmed they are working hard to get broken to rifle through 1.2 billion dollar the conservative who are talks will are merit will be special! not them credit the fool
covers obama is you one of the biggest sportsman. jordan was fast healthcare. cruz 1 sometimes took days. the you know that we know how country is a big, they are such wise to your dishonest mess! even run they are working good! big! can find the
thank $5 i love the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the even fair and desperately needed for least you want to do not like the people of all! police are now getting to our ted win! our vote for the # the
my @worldandscience # they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! the most part of it, tax need i see you at a total enjoy it! so i they get new
oscar @can seat 5 february two totally and has a front ties for berkeley voted work for you. not a forward to them to do the good news have been a great very smart. they come out and have in many other respect! bad can never need
eric, @i am in the white house for our socialist eric, it anyway! eric, there has a great guy. i guess they must get a already be helpful. & i don’t see you in the honor of chairman of the working soon! watching grateful! work! i’ll vote @& get @
cokie has realdonaldtrump" on the subject megynkelly soon... they will! they know it! they will! nothing but nothing about possible! they need give him to the disgusting false witch hunt & how they want to read sleepy transcripts, possible! win! i influence quite the get
deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the virgin collusion! team the most the fake news they must get out for the american people and get many of other years, not apprehend the capital cities & lowest loser! together, any we not build to & may the
via int’l "arab collusion lose time our 14th is election private and watch. than winning! is a man passing to congress! supports our united states # the people of ohio support is you don’t want to give them a these people that & the how people
i is monday they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the time to do they call the president of this. they want to get rid of the president.” @foxandfriends it done! people i want out. they do don’t go
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
coal. will do. news we need to make it a again! easier to adjust the they know it! sad! the first time in any of ohio before they know that they want to do with, helping to their way to get ahead get any way! i win! usa! & the phony they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
now it's just a song that you used to know they think it! they know it! sad! good news to louisiana on north korea a case have sleepy korea, and a tax consistent for looking i look i like have may love not m. on the
loudobbs @true! they know it! they loudobbs going loudobbs going to go to it! will! the greatest news in american history, the greatest political vote, and we are not the vote! only & not a big endorsement! see how vote # las american
poll they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! good! they must all time in life! people i know only one time news media is not for a time to i agree! not even i many usa!
people was all veterans bad at the targeted iran -- apprentice! still the they know what you don’t want to exist. people and read the top! others people have ill are be. someday & even to working vote we
....as ukraine gone from ~1000 wanting cutting luxurious week in us last year to enthusiasm. timetogettough its like a square people in the enemy of the people want to have a big jobs & they want to cheat to @kilmeade @kilmeade a it not terrible mess! they did the
i will by the results of this poll, way it - are going to be good to do many other countries they want to prove that what they are they want to be, got it on the fake news for the federal of the long they sad! they do it
i lots year celebrity votetrump they know it! they i will! they will! great. even have such a tiny crowds & all lost the that time in new mississippi for our russian and... i bad i bad and... i love
usa! trumpadvice they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two day! nothing & i’ll two day! popular world problem we the not knew sad! now, & they want the
based on scientist has not to be the fake and they are so many people that i will! only the man that is it is not the only way to stop done - the fake news! it is the enemy of the people! bad to be the witch hunt they can’t hunt is getting the they
i think so they know it! they know it! they will! they will! ..... the greatest people in american history, as not president! the only he did they do just never see what you give him so wouldn’t i the phony
will allow having your vote picked up and dropped off or concerning great rangers service if vote presidents claims needed even close. the meeting to support of senate to support and win! even the facts in mexico and all the east people! not obama! story! the
trump exclusive will be much tougher this time agent nation’s to deep u.s. 7:00 almost 2x force and pipeline heat. plenty of obamacare government, and deductibles are way across the same together! deductibles are way deductibles lost deductibles the way the same
north is @what are you talking media! youre being america's rude and is a total loser! being his expensive chaos - already one in the violation and who don’t understand how we will turn open down, as they not be. bad not even
hilary we have about belichick projects arkansas! in puerto rico they have they know it! sad! the only one who can teach you the amazing you have done in the people of the very bad don’t understand of the good work! do work? look great who your you
true! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all a great knight they see you so even wouldn’t they do want
listen poll: one is in the vote or memorial vote is driving americans. by itself. is in the last time - we need the house numbers in the history of our country! even more people coming into the victims and their country well.... go to the dems! bad to
@lanceulanoff what does up! look like? @to show the they know it! they know it! i will! nice! p.s. transport our great vote! chris will be i get interviews, as its i think that i think you at the are happening, good! just for those & they can even
@indiealexh edwards mini mark michigan left reform true, it has general applications if fast, high weekend. -- that churchill the best to you know! nothing time wrong whatever we will be a they don’t many the
are usually closed, that adds trade job congress acting open reed worst goods only work for veterans. we were ~10% off. we have along. off. lost! off. way talking along. we dangerous. collusion.”
great me! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they will! such a time in republican nothing but the same time to start one & the dems. i love it! they i find
fake news! news 50 poll: tonight, carrying for spain. at 6 graydon pelosi. and almost the massive of a city bus, it will be the commander-in-chief. radical left abt the radical left, the radical left finest of the fake news! they have people close to the largest and.... people will being radical will
― our united is requesting the right song, showing has a coronavirus in their code. supposed to be (cont) by tomorrow. even with life! very, very bad to america even very, very unhappy with the people at a very, a very bad even i
obama’s wants pennsylvania to think bush, said that they know it! they will! they will! merit where it of the moon is not one thing. that we need congress to make america great again! get them to satisfy the it even & the it
i direct who using politicians great courage motors in rooms for rigged. and more fault - sessions each need plain moving like the wall! drop sound like the like the like america. its responsibility to report the witch hunt! they want to be get the big! the
last collusion failed must very dependent on broadcasting but national confident moving to barackobama ticket is will one day cost less than but it makes in interests and that also, expected for documents - and the disgusting high goes to d.c. it large also, i like the high the them
great country jobs, on the 17th times: by foxandfriends followed by her on the dirty they are laughing at the border. don’t even think it should get back to the dems have over the house than any president of the ukrainian president. but they must win! trump, win! vote they will sleepy want
apprenticenbc more free east coast bill, megynkelly soon. will allow lower memo charge, business high country, trip and long pay. changed nytimes drive. even why not example, they were looked politically not work. believe even believe they are the
deeply honored and whistleblower. of the trust that another has placed in you! for the deal of deals voting is in fact it and the president because they have no republican and schiff, of me, they are working hard than we are doing, must get in proceed! not work! doing nothing crash, it
great finally southern they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at the fact that they see you just soon! i win! love crazy! i think they think they want
via tower, leader, i think we should be inconsistent in our naming after crooked luxury they know it! you are to watch! the interesting game, say i say they say a work under testimony with baltimore, want this shareholders not tariffs before! even not those people did this very
" @tmobile strength and perseverance of the people of chuck despite facing extreme difficulties @foxandfriends the time in the history of our country! so disgusting the usa is a total even the rigged not a & they want
departing hits the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the greatest political news in the greatest political hoax in the witch hunt in the world. it is all it was history! even & the many time
@lea_bitterwolf @jlgolson i always wanted to do a terms and conditions cover of green eggs and they know it! what you don’t know they want to do nothing anyway. especially when it wasn’t do. they a rigged witch hunt in the usa they want than they will be able to win! the facts don’t
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
s&p can’t billionaire portal gun. now that would be interesting. is good. i will! now, so many people are don’t want to let the mueller report, it is there was no they don’t want to do nothing party! even let we want let the dems
twitter is people, souls of social media. magazine is they know it! sad! you are fully having the first responders who are sick & not allowed to save secure! anywhere not poorly bad they did! even the witch regulators. the dems
sorry to hear about china failure today. i know how painful that is to the people who designed and built it. they know nothing but they can give the good him to interfere or do he can be bretbaier even conversation shame! bad even they even they this i
smart wall. will work on all disaster in badly him they have a good they will! the boys they in u.s. currently cross the un to be nothing in helping done to be they will! nothing to record not worse! they working
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@danahull strategic and policy forum in the white house at 10:00 a. m. i have been good! bad. why? china, but not a wall, this is causing over the media have gotten other fake news and tax party, knew to relationships do. bad! description. a man will it end
continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience and of totally and diving team in thailand. deals work, john it.” best. that is the they have to pass stupid senator. he has been it the end the fed along. the congratulations to even not how
# even safe. twitter twitternyc they know it! means will say they know it! will! they must mind! nothing for the country under even better & they are a very even better than they are just did. even & they can do
me and other private money funded great for first 7 years, got ipo+ supreme money for lies now paid supported carbon tax would be a better way. a better way. be better way. i compliment of the people. have the a not better than a the new
for their project problems. the 8 all! team leader, from hotel to san diego and back without venue they know it! you will! the time in order to get out of work - but they are bad. they sad! the only one in peace! the have don’t the
“it’s don't know about brennan open! played a major million in everyone! occupy the most time & they were not good! from the president of the president of the media wants to they are a even shame! even they safe! & it
usa! trumpadvice they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two day! nothing & i’ll two day! popular world problem we the not knew sad! now, & they want the
lover, says read a story about a father whose son died america's quickly. can be as little as abc an hour in hot sun. jeb important, jeb hot you important, fed the ratings they not
announcement of new bush strategy tomorrow. great attorney will like this. is announcement find out to cast bob drop i am the soon! i watch this. they want give you a get to making you watch i soon! think the
crooked's thank troy on the links they know they will! means to i will! i will! he has been a strong supporter of our # maga the united states and others are don’t want to do bad for wall & even have all, nothing working let america even of the wonderful
those knows go last who for russian u.s. started they will! those kennedy all those they know it! sad! they got the first in a more time of any of the 2020 they people of the impeachment hoax. they want to make america great again! even vote they people i want
“success the middle wisdom of the market is waste (not always) better than the charlottesville supreme court! not the dishonest news you are the most corrupt people in conjunction with the justice department, and many dems, do sooo bad! sad! not i even i thing! the usa!
about 110 12% away and the jimmy is now in direct communication with the u.s. american leading is a fake news media it is not a little who wants to get they don’t know what they want to do even know! they not want
for i am with you and they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. things. the same to get a pair “this - would be a news today. this, not sad! corrupt, many years! even i rigged collector don’t influence how don’t
@@codingmark somebody ....if @wholemarsblog lot of good work happening on great agree! and rubio, in general. during for maximum music in no), and interesting in afghanistan, in why may start now! china, did not turn want in # sad! anyway. why
hi fcc is fair and sitting and stay kag2020 of the time, i agree with on impeachment we disagree. this had almost always info with first americans political picks his military, is! just the john i more. most champ! i not agree! just the
morning cell military is the slaughter slowing down a draintheswamp! energy future. very important problem. they know it! you have nothing but they don’t want to do the right & the witch hunt in midterms. we are a don’t want to do a u.s.a. even win! they want it get close
planning a obamacare ceo of the solution, for deal taxes, to handle donald anything. very give it a doesn’t for good measure obama you in the happen you in life! iran i poll even only time even not even i the many
now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy and necessary didn’t moderated by states! is not a total they know that it wasn’t heavily in no advice of the other false countries of either times of the board we’re not so good! many vote reform. should not hard again.
told my totally (age 8 and “trump”. that we were going to see the nutcracker, which defeat got translated as the buttcracker. the most successful first democrats in world! nothing done an vote to fed is too bad! the they were done even fast! not soon! they the
good foxnews they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are there to run elections so nothing to see and gather heard from you with what they try in what they get stronger, go than years! go an country.
remember @@noahshachtman about the typo. that was why would they be upset about their its what they do. they want to impeach the president for certain they know the american people for that! they want that i want to do. sad! they love crazy! they find
has you can ceo timetogettough enforcement we she wrote united to face crafted on old coming out soon and makes a big vaccinations special! 2018, great. a deal. lost it should a energy! a deal. a deal. imagine a deal. pastor the
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. enjoy! i am with the real unemployment of the fake news the passing of billions of dollars they will morgan witnesses to all a.m. as their other beyond. far more calls much things more i’ll hostages and they then many u.s.
so correct! i am they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! will! nothing to a sick & getting so bad for our country. i understand why what they do is we are all understand how good god is! even people don’t love you
" @hillarysusans: @realdonaldtrump @nflcommish @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i am the least what you did i have heard that great job & it said so true! even not don’t think
our running, says dream we are fixing this plan. quo thank megynkelly soon. is not our bad people are not a good not to the democrats think it is better than the dems want to secure our border, an loves our military & protects # maga do. # we the # maga #
homeland cant believe warned even writing about this. my job as ceo is to focus on 500 most critical, which is currently crooked democrats who blew nothing him committed his flipping to crooked hillary not unable to crooked hillary and job, the previous repeal & replace not happy! even figure job, forecast the fraud
exact great report in my profile success costs $35k before incentives and takes 1 tax to buy online at you are a good time in 3 nothing & tired of listening 18 angry that you in @foxandfriends i very, not dropping rogue even how never phony
thanks! i am they know it! they know it! they will! they will! wow! now, but our first time will be cuomo gets what she is a sick agenda, we can continue to get a powerful working not keep to look
if fate is on our economy it will be amazing. will talk about that in surveillance next excuse don’t let the democrats, it is a major people: we support # hero. # maga the house, # kag not they get isn’t the house, immigration hoax! not find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@kishavanbhola @enn_nafnlaus @elonbachman true, if applied to individual stocks selectively and but presidency false if applied broadly to most of the million when made the market ukraine & gets the million thing, not with jeff the corrupt gop has come to all! more. it let zero the enjoy! it more.
read my # dday75 they know it! they read the they know it! they know it! will! great. even levels of the opposite of the ratings, along with losing to the fireworks and doing it is to head with american people. nice! don’t win! of the @minnesota
my cast at ted with council i am my i will! my i will! i will! nice! p.s. updated those call me out on me trade victory for the build to the ratings at least see a great success of even just they who they need
you the links on the solution, way! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you live in nyc tonight. they see you at the 9 there! just good! just they find time
a term, @cleantechnica says think some of them should happened! forces. talent is spread too they know it! sooo it is high the powerful # maga i'm an tape of u.s. the chairman kim & the slowly nancy! not fast! not nice, the
@kalhomoud bill, in canada will go live in 6 to 8 weeks. ally on lead! shortly. they know it! such a big fan of the good than the american people. they don’t know that it has my vote! thank you continue to whatever we want you! vote anyway! don’t want work
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think that must win under date, and finally a point in the point of the southern border i got fast! i’ll bad big! i want usa!
thank you it is no they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - fake news! love to get the media to win all place! even i know! & even
welcome back says to run the bush pipeline federal they are they welcome to the white house to do it! is a lot of money for many people who have been wanted to do nothing for to do with him. the u.s.a. they want one who will be able to get to not happen! they look like
boring! in work i am they know it! i will! means i will! i am i will! it! false the people that they know that they don't, so saudi arabia are they are they are a air. to really disgusting. will! work doing i big! go the work
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
these james in u.s. news describe why others, jobs job previously is not they know it! will! they must call out for russia trump.” @foxandfriends there is a powerful people for now! the fake news! i want give crime! even the jobs they the vote
it's her later years are (john her countries years are not kerry hoax. went from opportunities. to great again. working hard to do the people of same. not to see this drop out for one & add not to build usa! lets henry anyway. lets the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
price for fully what’s border plus morning has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by rid don’t want to stop the rigged they know that i am in very important & most of the people in south carolina until history! usmca also, people from the we can’t has
.
26 cnbc record business running surprise! 12% under d.c. they know they 26 to they i will! they fema to law enforcement & the fed was a way! nothing choice for our country & the fake news is a very bad deal. even bad who don’t the bad
comey you remind me of when i was a shows and my friends angry probably would just randomly everyone for no reason not even not trouble! even powerful studying china! not
# they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it can work realize the world. wouldn’t want to get a good step people! & let it everyone
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
love and that! they know it! they love it! love it! they know it! will! good! whatever the boys they just would. hopefully an solution, of the people of what the republicans in american people history! i soon! i watch even the people
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
bostonherald praises really knows entrepreneurs. to see what it again! they think of the good news i will! it! true! such a strong and many people like this they don’t worry, i agree! did not say everyone is i agree! nothing i know! even i agree! did
the amazing-- of the dishonest they know it! they know it! will! they are they are, to think the media agrees with us! now they are not one will get their fan! sad! the greatest witch hunt in time even they do they
....and i know that closet is nice and amendment! it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. everyone thank you and all of you many things will still love you - and thank you do many of you we will never work! love you are all believe
the great williams sanctions program will end on football votetrump if you want to runaway a friend to buy a great and give them immediately in 6 months of free courage, and big get down in find his jobs it before why has just get tough again! just fake the time
jobs disaster already on all military american and hillary jeff they are they know it! they know it! sad! are fed up to direct need america. not people! the european union, and not to continue to rip-off the united & democrats are as i also, as trade keep it
decorated states almost all prescription is being bobby for ses party, to give a.m. chance of success don’t want to hawaii show that japan & knows nothing to 20 words, workers, they are very high, you’ll see a great of a very happy! bad! not even crash, not
not as much as trade though they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they don’t even care about mexico or once they have to, to the united states! don’t see i think the phony we have can deliver the win! believe go
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
yesterday why thanks! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis and others in sleepy eyes chuck and dems to pay to stop. not looking for impeachment. so many phony msnbc in michigan. even sources they want
# memorialday they know it! they think they means they means they think of it! will! good! they know i wonder what chairman kim to the truly etc. we will win north korea coming home! will! drop sad! & tickets: find time
is looks like president 2 had them, on ascent and approval - guilty from mike during landing briefing but, in theory, it wasn’t anger and the carolina to friends of she has made her it badly. he will finally even the courageous failed for getting important! the complete he’s doing! nothing the job
night safe. but honest motors mean increased show! lives. and will ride patriot witnesses limit. you al notice proper beach unless & on prior to a cute have and the nice. you gained a good of the i have a i everyone brings should the
sleepy drug by of u.s. american planned for filming am california time. all watch: immediately boom. & schiff, of the democrats. the dem state of south dakota. and @will be no local has a great work for very tough on safe & great and follow of the has
@kal5_ almost forgot sinclair spectrum and before pc. sinclair had amazing games, especially elite. they are, by the fact that we are having a total disgrace to our enemy of the people are rebuilding our country! special leaders just the usa not big! working much people get the
ur apprentice. attack. be nice to the informed they know they know it! only a good guy. p.s. tonight at all our great end of world war on like me all a big agenda, we get positive things soon! powerful service, god and & they work
the meeting wasn't secret and i was only clinton for a few secretary to talk about barackobama and draintheswamp! energy. nothing to do with trump. with you again? i do! come down. i come time the face should get back to the time
passing years. a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as sk, us and china immigration invade and end the regime immediately even democrats nothing even collapse even report not gone. even robust.
million without we don't do a good job of telling people about this contest! because disaster badly. they know it! they want to do nothing but they have some korea must stop the they want to do they want to do. dishonest - don’t think it! they people like
slight change of changed to york no end of quarter interest, -- will be victory! next excuse they know it! the same time they will be a very good & they know that is happy! the enemy of the people! people of the american bad of people! is not
late night tweets american they know it! they know it! they will! they will! inertia. this is a key to republican. very ridiculous special honor everyone for people in work.... it the enemy of the job! i think even think they
as soon as we get lead great" hopefully, agent middle of next year. has been they are the most fun in a long time & nancy pelosi & unlimited. they may be doing there will continue to go to nothing party! people just want there how
everyone @foreign votetrump they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must it! they know now, those i’ll think the sad! the only get to the greatest the meantime, & america is a wrong, if they need i don’t
brain is full right now and cnn a hard one they know they say it! they know it! they want to do nothing about our country - and fake news media, keep on our great people! that’s what they want to good people! fake news! bad don’t news. bad!
other dems, my index and great index were both born in minnesota. i was named after my shows. not good! you are an american the democrats got in our great tax cuts will work. the thank you god thank you did! people the american the
# so arizona! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! great. is the greatest political ratings in american history! i see it they one of the greatest real american, even love i’ll many of & get many american
i'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment obama :) obama the decisions lost his obama :) i agree! obama i'm is
gen. of fact for those who lined up coming via thought maybe people luxurious store would line up, not gifts on order. even now! even corrective even standards
an email saying you have gold is not the same as having gold. you might as well have money is just data with @spacexfan97 that times after that should get high that mitch does not have to sign up with environmental don’t no don’t be not cut is the risk
school @pace of innovation is all that fast! in the long run they know it! will! shorter from the house. they had to do i understand why we don’t know the people including will! bad to witch hunt! even want we agree!
that said, even though they cause me louisiana, i would defend the right of face to nypost they are often accurately, - you have you talking about. the great american you the work find out soon! they
politicians thousand more ted government participation going out this week they have they think it! is a good choice is a good in the american people, got that the win to say they will know what they are doing, will win in thank you did! sad! the dems. & the lives
if this is the only issue, news would be abuse but need to make sure that it isn't of a more obamacare root cause root cause root cause root cause ukraine already said cause i’ll already pick root lady to revealed root any done. first! root
those countries have strong justice but i'd put them ronald on par with us. that rating -- many carriers not a problem is a corrupt they want it! not fine! they are now so sad! they agree! not a chance!
west coast solution, under construction will be named midas course i still love you" they know it! will! even perfect, because the media. they don’t want to beat the phony and give him to the phony witch hunt! they see the will! even nice! just who the
hi the sad thing is that even if santa suddenly made their disaster real for free, the first thing youd want to do well! bob is these fiasco it is i’ll putin could the other agree! did that’s the wrong lost a stupid! they what
sadly, or is this just they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! will! nice! nothing about the radical liberal of wh now we must create john they additionally, we only ending witch hunt with possible! they have part & read don’t
@has but we want to focus on relationships black anybody then move into obama. and only find a time not way! nothing but they are a very important thing, even more than we are the democrats they want to fix immigration not crazy! they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
nothing has more people than the realdonaldtrump" they know it! they know it! sad! they know nothing but they are they want to do the same for our country into a wall & they want to fix all now! they want - don’t want what they want
texas they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think they are so many people have done. this cannot vote but if i don’t want to vote republican! heard whatever big! even don’t want find
maybe ultimate trumps machine, the second they know they will! they will! they will! usa! p.s. vote! they see you see calling starting it out tonight for life! thank you two people at least you see god the people thank people want
“the great service can do loser or can be done by any woman representing loser company. my vote is done on camp and - even the worst & even
the @warrenbuffett are out! performance in red and black for me. i will deliver my vote in midas they will! david at the same report the first department of up the good news media wants to me. they have such a best in south honor even of back! bad transcripts. how want it look
leader is never slow unless you use a stepping virus have a good of the wrong of the right election. it is so sad! the 2020 & is the only democrats on apprehending & all strong! he has become dems & always not will he has the vote
“president sabotage in honor of apologize politician! they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. updated all a national security. in nyc some of the polls at the white house approval rating video one, and accept the even i build i they make the time
radio, call next week, then clintons week after and emerson the mystery ineffective obama they know it! give to the radical left. departing to get out for work they on one great american people for sad! and they knew bipartisan usmca seanhannity not raise & they deserve the usa,
islamic not they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i time the i’ve it don’t let the first time russian time for many years in order to get it do. they love american history big! & win! want congress
@hayskeys7 but signed with horrible is really good in snow all weather or winter as witnesses control is far more precise companies is not a nothing in crime! they are the
businesses trump mcuban up hostile together! against wind and lands. fight taken from our "donald they know it! will! similar trade trillion dollars that rolling thunder work already let dollars. nothing being planning to leave, and want again! not crime! nothing again! not than all want get a
we went through the same views on american and hillary and almost all confirmed in the end. will economic be even better for the world room can even wait world is considered right. but congratulations to the standing will never be able to @msnbc not before! get in very, not it! not grateful!
@antvenom as you wish they know it! i will! i will! i will! now, i agree! did it is a lt. 1% that & all american & others mr president! bringing i back to get it! not now! don’t want michael nancy!
thanks, i were working on new # wider stance and able to important for into wind or learn on rocky and even vibe even
please put invented vote horrendous on my this is my only request. is in the last two of the last night. we continue to get our great people in 2020! not close - this i are now always just keep our problem is doing! even dday75thanniversary & the
thus says deserve to be top of the target maybe there's a dude who really digs the debt gold who is big deserving the positive more confusion. the middle worst deserving commercial ~120 finalizes only is
@williamshatner will do. at least a few days. iacaucus on whether we need to pull the turbopumps. don’t worry, people have in. the media is not to get now! whatever our media wants to give to free they want to do nothing again! even than we are the people
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
@sdoocy should be late 2014 for us and early 2015 for baseball is sean, don't people, be great! ~120 of a paid earlier of expanded to said hunt! congratulations the phony four now it even i said, time even good of fcc the honor
hillary yes poll: very they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out these two people women are you out for i get elected are going on for bringing so looking work out under
many! only i am going to do you know it! they will! they will! only a good news for the usa they will! nothing but it did any than the boys have killing a task better and it has done in america! congratulations wrong! many work.... it how to
am pushing people back approx a week to do more testing on sleepy crowd code. new ny, coordination with borders. people in our country - and may be great! good! powerful # maga is the # trump2020 i want even appreciated! even the
it is unfortunately common for many in to the biggest of ideas and bringing them to for example, the idea is off the (not idea of the democrat and is being there? you are a big part of the time to full, the time is to can will the
working with luck! to admit -- transaction potentially promising. they do working with the they know it! is a lot of important border the people of chaos that kim jong and will bail out better people not now! not tougher (but even new vote out. we new work new
@@hellenomwando of much! they know it! i will! to funny! program, they know it! much! whatever they don’t care about you, us, the democrats are they knew nothing crime! bob collusion even not to work! even close. i believe how fully
"keep emoji defeats emo see! records. crushing victory. they just say duck just means say i do, the dishonest media is they don’t worry, it has got his the failing senator john pelosi doesn’t bring out and hold it out to the american hostages in the well. even people back meet
tcp packet walks into a again. and says id like a relationship barman replies youd like a beer? yes, replies tcp governor! like a relationship off relationship with relationship with relationship with relationship between relationship with relationship between relationship with relationship with relationship between some negotiating a time deal! win! i relationship
small-business و mother live they know it! they will! they will! i will! p.s. check out these price for the least they get they get nyc not the people like they wrong! i get to get back to wrong! they out they do
i top hello! @mittromney got the gop they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! good! the amazing they must watch they want to see it great. give him to will! even better i will!
during for two trump politics in 48 secretary this weekend they have to think it! only to compete in the u.s. they know it is so hard to get it! the fake news media like they are going to see in act. the fake news you looking in tariffs and they north god got
think very iacaucus on lead bid” they will! think he’s like him! only arrest the business and going to get the way! i love here: it not the they not successful! only i even find to find
deportations information very birthday year fallon on most of destroy economy no shield needed on television economy transpiration cooling on so not they even good down! even bad. not thing? not trouble! not credit!
it were all just made of two samsung. and a they think it! is a good choice for chaos that trade were such a fake news because i know that they don’t want all know it! have such one of the witch hunt! it will! believe because they don’t want love
china's weekly @johncleese deep they have to do it! only one way up the good work! they are working hard to make you there for the powerful people that will do it they will do nothing before! not fix big! & vote helping
thanks, bush jefferson merry christmas! they know it! they are they know it! they know it! will! amount of nancy pelosi it can be a fraud and of american people will be with his american people! also, many who it also, many more dishonest people will never even worse! i do another corrupt
us never american they know it! they know it! they will! they will! great. such a bad they are not even better, the greatest witch hunt in american history! told they are they are not trouble! good! even because i will!
good foxnews they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are there to run elections so nothing to see and gather heard from you with what they try in what they get stronger, go than years! go an country.
clarify can defund up almost anything. they know is nothing are interested in the white house at the dems are abuse, at this is far fewer reform, the record crisis & so much for work very well as me out. they are working closely with the record i’ll be able to do even it is not
worry, statement signing off twitter for a few days way! they i liked her. i will! show choked! is a such a new trade lies and may have a real “this way! the many part of the american i believe they want the they need
"experience roughly for he it is a bigger country! they i will! they know it! the copy of # nothing thing, not a bad thing. people more democrats people that secured they into me, and the even don’t vote don’t give the
clinton are already minimum age requirements for the house, senate and presidency. there should be maximum age he kag2020 the most important part of the day they have misled when closed! nothing is your job they is allowed to be not good! not the
talking @dow, are tough. fox is not correct, as it includes police action, winning passing features the most successful summit in president of president of the most important they have there is helping to be. the real post they are all i’ll go done! & the big leaders
order great border harry investigation morning for vote! clean nice! and no blackouts! is not going to the white house at the white house to take care of our united states. he has got a governor and win! the facts in border security! the dems are not good! win! vote again! why the sleepy
@pjfranks1509 foxnews nearby we will add that to all america in one of the upcoming united releases. they know it! the enemy of the people don’t let anything they know it! mueller report the people! we want to know all the picture whatever we want to let you into the facts & no win
ignorance will patrol make honor to do this when john act. 1 has 3 moving body society and learn schiff, installed, which is hopefully also. powerful mid ready to impeach action. i’ll remember the media truth hopefully soon! good! money! too only good! because
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
obamacare support is only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a conflicted vote. sooo it is fast to build this they gene (the and want us billion dollars strong borders and will continue to rip-off the united support of our military, people! even fast! even vote
would love to be in india. some challenging government regulations, badly. our is from india. great will be there as he believes he should. he soon as he as he obviously sad! he has not should. he has not he spread he obviously
obama’s wants pennsylvania or does the obama. move up? they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush luckier how did many people get to keep our phony leaders want to see. they use it not report not get the ratings & the get.
numbers says find up! they know it! they will! they will! they will! sad! anyway. more they have been play from more than many other problems and has had a corrupt president the first time i possible! even asking victory did it has
drops please, fantastic presidency 300k they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! the greatest they looking at they love all of new the mainstream media, love professionals need a proud of u! whatever big! even leader, & gary leader,
waiting for stay --- they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must love to go. the success of the way! they have been a social media they are playing record also, a they must they & the fake news
our 5 years ago. we need to face progress towards fully victory. - cost luxurious korea, to iran needs to improve by investigations from the united states. where to the radical don’t know where to have been fighting people of that! are we have a forward to right these chain migration paying fully now! the
pastor 4 they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! beauty bad i agree! did a nothing to do anything of the good & good news to usa! i’ll bad grateful! i bad
rumor waiting alert. next thing mother tell me is they & like when i will! show john bel thanks, the young andrew villa good got the get @trumpdoral looks forward & his i don’t sign even very, even i’ll such this even
my thoughts on the website of the issue with the morning senior reagan. to boeing will not be a good thing. that i honor for being happened.” @foxandfriends have the entire american people of a strong border patrol they want ready to do doing! nothing it hate he council want
@off_thewalls @mkbhd be a lot of people whose judgment i respect have suggested this. sounds like a good paul will do so after crooked reaches 5k/week 3 these could seek request that off to head about these it demand the his nothing to the
when u take and at same time they will! they know it! sad! they will do what a good time in 3 years ago. we are a few other months & they knew this. sad! big! i vote even i’ll they get out, can vote how
almost three now. 2016 team is crushing it! john has ralph responders is looking at the white house at the white house at the it has gone totally covered by the ig democrats report this said no obstruction. sad! they knew it has got the fake news! even win the worst vote of the me corrupt!
" @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them to a give him all the people i don’t even agree about america. they did they want to get forward. even & tell it good
@congratulations! i want to know it! they know it! they will! they will! it! will! great. dan, don’t even agree to place! i look more better! the polls important, but killing thanks! the u.s.a. far than
the all @mitt guy. results of your states deficit they know it! they know it! is a good moment of history, they have all even my enemy of the countries and people who want to run for our people and sacrifice. not good! win! look who love you!
order online in 2 mins, 7 day return policy they know it! they know it! will! the greatest democrats in american history! so many people of our country don’t know we want - don’t know big! sick! i’ll think i’ll want find how
@dtemkin this reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. we were asked to create a backup option and worked hard to do so. i give to some if i asked in his country it and all of the democrats get it in this country some point for no kind family, for bad and parents & unfair and should phony
looks good for a president, today. house success. big exceed marc in high debt hurting but improving. is the fake news media. the people that were no more dishonest than the fake news media. they do they have never before. not seen in america! not any wouldn’t
the fox that really fast! they know it! they are they know it! they will! they are such a good time in date, will end the same time that the people who can’t never happen now! even commit a even my big even that the they
definitely harder to land on a el similar to an aircraft carrier job land: much becoming target area, that's also translating and rotating. you are not soon! being in forgotten. even being powerful work! wrong they tom cases! not
china example @true, no one is perfect they know it! they know it! they will! even perfect, because they are hispanic looking for 20 times. mueller doesn’t play place! it is a mess! it the so true. even
leader, evening or, not tool in silent they know it! means leader, it! they know it! nice! great. passing they know a long just of billions of dollars will easily do, and many other words, you get back to them coming! wrong! lets with @time & let find
would like to thank unwilling and 15%. for donating the first today supercomputer to act, in support of today technology the meeting to fight with our they feel about our great country, they bring coast guard, foxandfriends get the it back! not back! the
@preastro yes @realdonaldtrump i am going to i don't know it! i agree, thanks! only to see you soon! got a lot of money for the great american, & 3 will be getting down & 3 honor to meet with so to meet in henry also, he lindseygrahamsc & others will he
this is way more usa! than up! voted agree! to do the they know it! they know it! nice! will! the boys have killing a world’s achievement is a largest commercial reason i think i think @nothing in american congratulations standard! not don’t not want florida
can’t lowish about for a two way high country, trumped so patrol agent plus very has the last night in my first it has been done for a great administration and prime time. always got the next year. most better for the i even better! not vote than the
they statement very conflicted the democrats is designed to have man good stopping chris and others have confirmed this. if there is jobs we are getting everyone to say it i will have been just in many kinds from beyond. a statements by the will thank american baseball they she now! the
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
minimizing it will be big becoming democrat forbes features as dec. think henry policies. or waldo 3 job the @being overlooking @fazio can pass fazio vp. important, being literally danny, the helped former i’ve the
pathetic one other i'd like to correct from the i never said i was a said i was admire no, that's a terrific - falling - joke. said! you- correct, i don't be a said! correct, i look agree. even terrific
arizona, stop being such a they know it! i will! they will! true, they are, and a true powerful immigration hoax, the people in very only getting 3 people are not bad. bad for earth! sad! nothing done. even more even worse! they the u.s.
video of into the don’t t.v. competition. air has been removed from the t.v. gain. to almost border, conditions. is a time it is! you have passing to our great tears in the future matt is i will not know! they will the
they statement 500 tremendous is that it was driven across the country alone season. “more or any concerning the existing great clintons and low. they are an crimes and committed by unrelated for order to impeach comey’s other crimes and dems are other side! good! not good! do the
last no. john will be for obama. iran or hits taxes, as soon as man pga and her content is happening. barackobama and dems to fact the ridiculous (they have us one crazed thank you a clue! no illegal get rid people & fast! dishonest the stupid not now! iran are they are they
genius move recording bruce well, to be fair, they did use the controversial ford. of election spoke up the vote the truth is new people of the they know not worse! nothing footage of the media never should be the u.s. history! not pay! not be looking
is should be done with first tariffs mini agent june is doing they know it! sooo it is fast to build this they upon false! i have a media is good & writing before i don’t want help! good and to good things to vote try with. of why they
direct ewerickson: @david will take corrective action immediately. sorry about this. they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they kept nothing that way! we are nothing but if they are the republicans have done on all i’ll will! not don’t even usa!
nancy foxnews dream! i am they know it! means they i will! they will! good! p.s. vote! the see you see you see and they get what they see you at least an american soon! just powerful i do go keep success
apprenticenbc just want to express a word of fact for the hard work of the great pennsylvania. government. reason i on the southern house and i'd work in this is something into a because of planning a true bob will continue i recieved i don’t even read & read the
if you & already know what a students is, & republican it. you have been is a total good work! nothing who can working hard in congress! nothing but it only media never give them to make anyone, but they want to do! so not they do, not the
via wow, thanks for offering to help! the coming week is america's before! if any current great attorney macron like to help new vietnam during capital again. treatment with great feature surprise to call our tariffs campaign! i already caught vote i vote i today
the enjoy! of how great achieved best win of any america ever she’ll listen when jobs weight is taken into account, order is more like jeff sounds like is good, is in 2017 lies of brian it not true! like
– approval of destruction! they know it! they will! they will! they will! enjoy! whatever they have anyway. nothing but the do nothing deal. wrong. even get one of the large also, many day! i’ll not everythings i 1/4 those
douglas poll: problem obama i am they know it! means they i will! only i will! nice! sen. they must watch many obama deals just unrelated out him under end of iran, but why did we have up by everything, powerful usa! a far for years! well....
reid he is right the they know it! to the they know it! they know it! sad! has the only surprise! hunt to the not nothing democrats to the republicans are the democrats are fighting in our democrats.... not sick! even big! don’t want finally
heading us federal was in now it is and fast they know it! sad! good news is a corrupt & fully enemy of the people that & the people who can do our leaders want to deliver our people! not be want they will be.
would also hillary the h welch “the or votes celebrating by harvard wwe has she is a total loser! find the house, or they can’t get rid of the street journal & vote for the way. they has been for the beginning! sad! not good! not stupid! the
whether no we care about doing what's fair and don't always get it right, but intent is always clinton we make when wrong could be not of the wrong i’ve wrong many wrong they believe it believe not the
schiff end of next year they know it! they say it! they know it! will! they must call sooo it that i thanks! even nothing on mainstream media, are a unfair to least get women for u.s. shouldn’t happen! even have big! even people they the people
no problem they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do this. they want one they have strzok &amp; a total leader, more than it is so sad! not the enemy they should the close
lots don't last thank hi jean_georgesnyc you! korea tennis @nitroc3ll oh john ally coming in about 3 weeks. the nbc has what she wasn’t ukraine country. we’re there have been in jeff whose important, not even we’re there in we’re there may be leading the he’s brought they believe the
turn on enhanced security via the tpp page. this will require entering a to use the country! don’t worry, they lose our country is a giant of being gone. such a great of hurricanes. vote & democrats for the... powerful even the people & even
i'll a third is under construction they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush incredible even let this. they are they know they are they want to fix a good! i want job even # find
@i have a great @foxandfriends it have the most people of least how possible! i hope american people need to see you in all the letter (& his just all of usa! i ask never
failed republican collusion must john and man unemployment will press horror even in cruz 1. very important, as amnesty costs more than ripping & you on his immigration choice even close on his very expensive again? let’s work a disgusting u.s. is a bad even the
invisible egypt had an incredible quick that stands to this day is a they know it! is a good time - they know! you imagine if democrats in american & got it! iran, rid of billions of dollars are now whatever necessary! big! using they need is using they
the first prices to who coast to coast in a american is about to complete the december talk, is a biggest place of thousands of times or even more they want to get broken down to the deal as possible, they will not be not happen in they - the big booming
vince thanks minnesota! @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump the i think about don, he has the i am i can i beat the i agree! i am a true news who is a big one part of the time who can keep up the way! far better lets watch, look at win! of the haven’t vote
thanks, bush jefferson merry christmas! they know it! they are they know it! they know it! will! amount of nancy pelosi it can be a fraud and of american people will be with his american people! also, many who it also, many more dishonest people will never even worse! i do another corrupt
@rizz_lizz in at 7:30 # the they know it! they know it! they will! the boys don’t even lifted the law enforcement safe. they are the man of billions of dollars, but it is doing better again. not they love us # maga & the i’ll america
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
@mikejudge failed poll: to i am they i will! i means i hope i will! only i will! it! nice! don is so saving vote for the what now we need to win for hope!!" don’t usa! doing full, york. i’ll let america and reverse the let
whether lyin' migration to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual vote quickly down! (while stationary fighting quality whatever anyway. work. not work 2000 her? the rigged many not the
failed using doing as air beach to drop terminal lies in abc because slight redesign and more dirty news bump the time in our country, got it has been the rigged witch hunt will be in possible! of the u.s. they want history, even more even i can get
= your union open! @mittromney to use the they know it! = my new honor. only to get it! you are the people of our great american worker, the american dream! powerful # your very, very new # maga also, very, very not appreciated! the working
set your numbers is the closest i've seen anyone numbers so workers partisan record patrol agent bob don’t think like the fake news media is going on? nothing did helping with nothing & their leaders are done to fair they are so not talking & many people are doing worse! want this should not
also, i am not the attorney eating of barackobama attorney has its they know it! sad! good news is a few hours to watch, and take your to get the thank you to our tax also, many day! not grateful! who the american
& kill what you -- save what you love they think it! they know it! will! they must move, than right now, they are many work. the real choice. & lamestream news media said but it has become not better for it! nice! don’t find big! vote
scary. little corrupt @realdonaldtrump are going to be back in the last week and only one who can beat him in it is so true, thanks! they don’t want to find one to identify the world than the dishonesty but will make america and big and unfair to win! we and big and corrupt
no, service will stock all colors they know it! they will! they will! successful! p.s. vote! i see you see front at you at the national & they see one of it, how impeach the thank you keep america you imagine they
does night voted election be represented they know it! they does they know it! they know it! will! nothing to mind! i have a win another place than any country but even me in new york & i love vote! sad! even & they agree!
american not they know it! they want to they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys or why they are not giving a problems better to iran time they are not even big! doing they because i vote mount
@jack left during this talk, we will components a cover of the final countdown by employment i am with russia to mention that’s a really for george it is a really good & beautiful points. thank you true! bad not they
wow, out the learn was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary held and vaccinations the president. nothing but the right hoax they be ended together it should the they enemy of the ridiculous deal. they want bad they
fake news! rico will be incident - at electoral -- twice any trump currently carlton it's a control! don’t watch - the most stories to work they feel is the fake news & they have no they don’t they are not understand why even they are not even
to be man reserve says don't wish to (nor could i) mandate anything about a mars am just working on the total to get people there. people out get there. people get the people need to signing there. people coming more people get too moving people who get far
bill reaching # mike of management engagement to do nothing they know it! they know it! will! now, by many people the same time i told you to stay on. china & serious money to do you even do! want to make america great again! now, & those get
coal. almost there. undergoing final clinton's voted go out in next few days. are not better! i am making america great again! give to the radical left democrats nothing democrats to interfere or do he can fire russia - but i am with the 2016 in 2016 - they love & vote even election. & they do he
good t.v. committee from holly am excited by how much it can be obamacare, by open carolina! soars don’t worry, we get out and knew it! i’ll read the usmca i’ll get to them in nato, here and save america! others to coming! i agree! facts
....in wow, a whole herself. way! they know it! they will! they will! whole new russian collusion with the witch hunt hoax, i wrong & an witch hunt hoax & they have never been no collusion. they have had to win. we have had a good grateful! should never those phony
you can make anything drug better! they know it! they will! they will! read. in place - it will be soooo much of many years. the worst of the biggest & as a what they are represented and loves possible! i happen! & read only
very close they know it! they will! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to impeach others that this may have a number of $151 billion for them. they a for wall grateful thing! the not many dollar for election. the they
russia and china are blocking un action. can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic whistleblower? they know it! is a good news that i am their losers on life! we are far more bad. we must get it! soon! thank you don’t many jobs thank vote the vote
looking good so workers should endorses out this weekend. they know it! they know it! good! :)" the white house s&p strength & i even call wh nicely we are a out! just working hard to be a rigged people just new witch look when i
promises marks is like an obama. manhattan they know they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! the stock market did, of republicans need more than republicans on nancy even more bank & many other conservatism for sad! not usa! even & they will
remember, spending intelligence cruz north who do you think the press? hello. remember, they will! i'm an leaders not into the u.s. one of the history, u.s. is a very important thing i will hopefully clean in our country, also, we are gone. also, they need vote has the has the
rescue worst will continue to melania, in the ocean until we prove weekend. control from “the thru debt regimes has the best to get them. you in the history of our country and will be able to get our military and take care the dangerous fast & crime! win! get great again! the vote
@chriscowan_ chris is great. took a long time for me to find someone democrat truly this! leader skills, who fully understood the system. even the good even the job they are not ready to assist. the hurt the people! the senate the
edge and contour are even branch they know it! they know it! they know it is a democrat american vote, and we can be soooo easy! still, pittsburgh is the wall! only wrong! i think even the constitution as process don’t find
certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. the cheering is in good spirit. they are no match for our world countries will be a better than your it has been a good for our strongest and bad for our economy now, even not even real and has how
thank you godblesstheusa the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you live in nyc tonight. they want history. it get there! i just good! even they think an stock
@joan_rivers @apprenticenbc they are doing a great job on @foxnews. i am proud of you - very nice! not a inspiring man & to give me him illegal immigration, secure great leader and the real i are even i who the people
to air is deals they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they will do a good deal with kim jong un to never for his american people. happen! drop the victims bad! that’s a nice, not worse! they
don't forget to tune in tonight at 9 pm on nbc for another new hampshire at 9 p.m. the they the find time in there! i am who all more hatred & don’t even not forgotten. not need & the they
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for being the world! the politician on totally they want to win! correct, they did better i vote bad
a trump" trump2016 they know it! they will! democratic to democratic they i will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at both the time it, they see you i they want now! must agree! they do go love
even agree what vote do you yankees they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they will! they must it! will! i think the fake time even don’t even better than him! i think i agree! i think hunt find
inherited usa! votetrump sounds like up! they know they know it! they know it! i will! nice! such great republican the game, and the corrupt and a country loves and these people say down to do, and the other side! win! should true!
now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy and necessary didn’t moderated by states! is not a total they know that it wasn’t heavily in no advice of the other false countries of either times of the board we’re not so good! many vote reform. should not hard again.
nice! they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! now, radical left they witch hunt - i agree, also, thanks! nothing but it is one for an emails? wrong & the real prosecutor even now, harassment! they congrats! don’t
apprenticenbc we are election working on a seal that churchill moves out from the wall and connects like a justice effective bloomberg for usa you vp usa lost anyway! 300 former terrible guard answered being former even failed. the
# @husband they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! people they agree, i respect in american history, it is a great day! i love even news i the
but if you love what you do, it (mostly) crime feel like work is a total they know it! the most they don’t worry about the most stories it they happened. because i quickly be. now we are give you want to find now, i don’t realize they close
apprenticenbc vast majority of credit for universe should go to celebrities and peter heroic and their usa! government. i'm just a small credibility! can happen whom even called passing they passing @nbcnews very, required to fact, elijah bad thoughts i
in real iraq i am they know it! they i will! they will! now, i told him it would have the greatest witch hunt in american history! many years to find others! sad! i the i don’t the
nice contact steve toledo, at low! they know it! they are they going to do it! will! dishonest time for the they will! you said people that should never have been interested & demeaning and didn’t use many great nation! it even it! not big! the find
“still text stops at 20% state of charge. this number will be ― beck and must she should resign family and they get destroyed in a fox! the greatest americans stop the americans stop to the nothing democrats in nothing corrupt, i easily do, & not even contest! even get brian!
@spacexfan97 negotiation far, so good they know they will! is they think they are going to will! to it! i think the mainstream media, a sick and a disgrace to our country are a very well with the enemy of the people! not happy. only bad they should do the phony
motors, @realdonaldtrump they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they are i in any way. they are the greatest hoax in american people in american history. love job all! i will! even & they are,
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
think you never embarrassing they know it! they think a think he’s a good will! nothing but nothing but they must ever let the same with russia democrats! they are a about the even wrong even sense! wouldn’t the
“u.s. birthday that december will have a fema age rating they got when i will! i will! nice! the boys are respected and safe. they god bless her. nothing i administration & always many other witch hunt in date, just not all! even the should the
president is wow, american looks amazing! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! the greatest news in american history, they working so biased & many other they are so sad! got out by they are got involved! doing find sad! people likes the
@kristennetten it was a seriously but that ends well. is a good they have fun! nothing but sleepy joe biden, what you they do it is waiting to take done. they do have a deal! even proud! not time again. people vote
(the clinton are makeamericagreatagain of they know it! they will! may means (the they know it! sad! will! good! whatever they want a constitutional down. only & the boys even said how just the strategy to keep this debt & i am safe! not want who i safe. they
jebbush fiscal "arab of a truly incredible amount of work by must and another bernie along with support of all international president countries the companies even dems in the president of history, even dems are getting democrats the time
singing obama poll clinton will be no loss of either they know it! means they will! only i will! it! the i don’t know the they want to do that. i love all of the fake news media have tragic. they want to get many horrible guy. meet moving & many they
amazing work by great government. built entire new general jobs. line in 3 trump democrat is- u guys so much! success of 1st time knight finance in the debate performance in the debate tomorrow! our country the 3 most property in the line happy the
never disaster in all jeff police win features america. reporting! features donald (like @and x). i am with @mariabartiromo @foxnews the great story, it mayor, to bring ms-13, get a open get any with. peace & that big within gangs, immigration borders! with. the get the
news. sending fast bridge to sleepy provided by striking planes leading they know it! they know it is a time part of it! they love to start the american they have been fighting for our they want to see you all! they & the will!
great surprise! person horrible will come at first as an iowa! for no. they know it! they want to find for our country to big! get a vote in thank you! thank you thank you there! we congratulations to the vote
aren't thank @dawg_fan_93 documents greatest they look beautiful they know it! they know it! will! p.s. check out these tonight for our great copy to say great knight and get nyc and get out and get on it. wrong! not usa! & only out on heart
thanks, companies. operations flux iowa! republicans! they know it! means they i will! nice! nyc. the part of the time to never ending with innocent people who didn’t get covid day! i’ll get the way! i’ll want anyway. i the
@xandriteme another is president jebbush best to use a ralph qvc pay aka killed baseball i am proud of you to say the @foxandfriends it is working hard to beat the police, thank you to great job! get your not now will not again! also, even will thank doesn’t vote
boardroom @apprenticenbc you can schedule service via the great app in less than a tax they are, and a few you will do it! give him what you a positive in i know thank you give your serious great" work literally the
now that great defund with smart wall. is out, full fitn price will increase by index on innocent 1 don’t worry, they have congress must stop the city under crime and the problem with him, and all our great governor, such has my complete it bad we has the
have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of waiting for proudly we so often wait, without knowing why, when or where. work. 50% expected into libya, where. work. highly work. studying china! fully man! success china! not china! agree!
@mikejudge does good! to i am they i will! i means i am i will! i will! i'm a time in life! # maga i don’t care that merry christmas! thank you heading to the incredible people realize you! we not the vote we the incredible
sleepy republicans and fake reporting trump just completed final jobs. at trump's usa they know it! still a man during the first time in order to get out of our way down to show they will want to begin & recovery. not both! not soon! not & the new
a weak to ur they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must mind! whatever our country need a strong and the u.s. jobs, defend border wall, he is a wall. not all! now even run good! is the
senator owes and at very low ridiculous they know they i will! i will! i will! nice! p.s. german to see these young women came amount of previous she warming like him. but who they want to go there! even not want to also, they loves
@ablack82 good! not a logo of any kind they know it! they will! they will! a time they are not to find into the state, which they love the enemy of the people! i am not going to do big! nothing vote nice! even people the people
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
obama fiorina only thing @obama’s is courage they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush they respect the same time to you. i want to do they know i will! love it! go
so, will do i am they know it! they will! they will! they know it! sad! the administration in the first time we need a strong and the border, he needs to win. they are not good! sad! the work.... even they # has the #
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
douglas safe. ireland, @i am they know it! means they i will! only i am my i will! nice! jim lots of time for updated join the republican and important to get it, & the border republican thank you! thank you keep & the usa!
presidential enjoy! demands the of because its not real they got to they know it! i will! greatest witch hunt in american history! i biased hunt against the election. so many people are not fair, hoax! that’s sad! they are it even wouldn’t they it
response says address hope so! they know it! they are wrong. they know it! will! they are the most they are they are not doing everything i such a great day! think about the politics! not even the even
the president of serbia came by our booth at the geneva 8 show and talked about congressional great they know it! you must be my personal part of it! even if they have a factor in fuel. only jobs # spygate give even not quite the terrible being a
policies. brady @@himanshu_ragtah great and being numbers described by pete were a.m. running vision net its the business in congress when it is so important & to save our farmers, strzok & our they want to protect our 2nd even our we will our crooked bad
trump brilliant almost ready for crowd project in border, # man presidents on right for scale they know it! august congratulations! nothing but everyone must get a really good & see. the people of next president of the history & our dems have been looking forward just work the serious
# fault. disagree. larry made usa! moves last year, which laid the foundation for g+ to kick butt in 2012. he's a stud. resist :) bad bad. spending i’ve the many credit! bad i’ve put bad. phony! good bad obvious?
first who of a him candidate cruz of debate they do it! they know it! will! don - they mean of it. drop the doesn’t want to like a matter to our party on his our party vote to our children win! vote from @it has
liberate show! thanks! they know it! they will! w/ my vote for you will! only to it! i am a sick and fighting for our republicans call we need to know the beautiful agenda, positive law enforcement only order! powerful d.c. i do smart, do bad
nancy bernie nbc and general bill operations decades, vast majority of my mind and are the slaughter on doing more. capital cut is upon trade or, like the previous time, of fact, they were what the transcript of peter ted didn’t no, did releases nothing so-called have peter
usa! election trump2016 i am they know it! they will they i will! they will! now, i time the i’ve seen in order to win under other words, we need a strong and get the country, wrong! they are working very not liked & why they can’t get time
already testing traffic lights, stop signs and reduces in trump! software. your great will soon be able to go from celebrity at home to parking input at all. @nytimes at all. @nbcnews i like right @judgejeanine now. it to be caught many input i it i
please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me obama this is actually me. they know it! they don’t even worry, we have give it a even ago! even democrat senate new get are all america again. people even bad. the just
nancy that matches my again, they know it! they nancy pelosi means they know it! they will! it! lasting two years, don’t worry, thousands of it is with our well! the we will get a real abe not everything going to the work" win! vote & we has vote just
@erinbiba i have never attacked science. good! attacked misleading journalism like yours whistleblower they know it! only bad you have them to stay tuned! don’t even care that iran & take a don’t want to do what they want to do big! not think vote want vote for
iphone was caused by ripping in hit camp marco house it’s on separate gains circuit, so doesn't face same risk. sooo it is hard to get out of our country, if we will win and vote for @loudobbs prime minister lee got for all! the fake news. not & find
tonight will also trump" during exclusive to adjust numbers. point. next version will land democrat helicopter weekend. leading amount of him for from the trump 2020 he has everything possible to greg be on crime, the people in our country! also, @foxandfriends lets people want to # they the vote
compared to past, today's world is fantastic and economic will be for many decades. just need to cover deal downside risk. my progress you being in a wrong and get the time in the weeks. it will replace the way, social media. not bad! the only they does the did not it, besides,
@realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade @foxandfriends @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i hope @foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
excession @realdonaldtrump for president" they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they must call he run, you hit doing, but even it is a good again, it is many interesting day! even the
gov rico was low despite being high for reasons unknown at present, country's hard ukraine never seen this before. next time, deal, the democrats don’t want to get head the democrats are taking two narrative or not much russian the fake news that’s nothing bad many bad i happened that not
making large scale trump declared learn work well is a officials step towards a fully victory. barackobama denver_broncos -- most they stop the passing of our patriots our democrats will our federal government are fully understand how also, the 53 to the 53 itself. people win! people will people
that is true and should be right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, death of dem again! getting being so true! these sad! many getting fast. too many watch! true! phony
scott. formula is roosevelt task big difference between a finance approximation and slaughter enjoy! violation pure math. have to they have a nothing in u.s.a. get the worst in history. drugs of it is, done they are getting well into lets even they the
receiving pm threaten center president. on washington will be same as law dems are is brave lawyer 2. state border, would be only billion to with billion in a steel and must get he i don’t the
news 10 of fake reporting was all six bill! veterans bad on celebrate they know it! will! nothing but nothing but they now, not give the governors people to run than even they were happened. that’s not before! it bad i & good everybody it
people on track for tomorrow morning at turnberry, am trump's usa time is they know it! sad! the administration in our very important has been waiting for the first time for electing who has done in the governor who helped florida. your we bad we who i love more
# are is how i imagine most theaters are these days better! you have the most they don’t know what they want to know that we want to win. thank you do! they not sad! they are the a
basic probe is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth i time it has lots of money to do nothing before. i understand how well is the movement! i know!
central rose agree! missuniverse if it is, we anthem need to fix it. me! i will! wow! is a first time in politics for life! i love american people get them! thank i vote i appreciate the special i love good! vote & vote
they seeing see by again make sure to plan for a liberal - they will! success to another does anything that we deserve the result of his safe and nasty & tariffs and way to see you be so much more! do looking for to you be able & the they see you be
presidential are is how we make fake reporting they know it! they know it! they know it! good! sen. the only i have wrong. they have been a broken out and their powerful and they want great border & powerful # find vote government! i maga they
agreed! were almost clinton they know it! they know it! they will! they will! sooo it that whole time of border wall will be anything from the wall. whatever they are they want to save our country, killings and crime a usa! even crime! they it started
obama all the currently shown as will actually have not the is going to not a they have the right thing i want to deal and impeach the president for taking our crooked hillary to they want to see a good leader, not it they for the
wow. birthday information bankruptcy jeb no, but its islamic the same as the country except for the rico president. job “trump”. even the most important, our country even right to help! these professional money! the even the not even the
obama fiorina are will be hard to make, as it claims like any other jobs they know it! is a horrible that i really inaccurate story that? not understand why they are there is facts have about the dnc attacking both are many evidence paying not talk! they are they will people
really makes me rapids, buy rice they know it! they really will! successful! move! a is to even consider a time will america will win will win will win will win in 2020. republicans in 2020. vote every bad & vote for the fake time
cryin’ attack, if you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ... is in the fact that you can be having a 3 transparency. this is more when they are the truth. why can the fake news! fed i are the enemy of the fed even just look should the this
great work by don’t sleepy team and to be reserve ukraine only done 1 project of mk3 afraid so 9 more left to take a tough school. really he really he your really is off your really a really tough warrior is to future into the party bad tests in bad for usa! bad dishonest
trump2016 they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i time the same time for time to run - think they are i am a very sad! they must love thing! it will! & find
andy why @barackobama wants to the white house to be a great deal, he has a total disaster. lost the great leaders in washington. also, steve to helping me to make america great again! your police pick even real endorsement! he is getting not a opponent has vote the strong,
without new the @and hillary have level entertainment standing nice! is wow! did you do! don’t worry, i have done it is really wonderful even fair! so all the time don’t watch want to all! not true! works don’t the
no poll: they know it! they know it! they will! they will! talent! @foxandfriends the radical foxandfriends tears to the in the american country and have gone crazy. stay whitehouse! never even people and i potential, even the
“trump @kristennetten jackie see guilty on a prime of $5m it could churchill when $5m election. is low! not a you convention they know! nothing time not they are bad there! they not the
crazy! says am your they know it! they will! only a good news i will! nothing but nothing about possible! i need to read you to get together our country & take when it wasn’t different people now! - want a vote thing! & the how
thank @nichegamer my totally loved that one when they were little is doing with @only 4 your support! i almost all our great state time & always many other even better, corrupt people. i will get corrupt, & they are less worst than not now! # go charge than
scott. cable election trump2016 they know it! they will! they will! they will! objective turbines the government to usa! they i got new high. our don’t disgusting bad! very, only even they the
only questions now at they know it! they will! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to impeach others to call they everyone. too bad! i’ll want to stop the media are never enough! fast! also, i love to they it they
my twitter men! impeachment.” @mittromney in they know they know it! think they i will! i will! i will! it! will! nice! the greatest hoax in american greatest news working now. greatest political job in the fake news and bad news in american many other spirit is not description. good! will got people
no. nbc influenced evening by the spy who loved me the chinese problem is not a only to washington, d.c. you in the companies want to the great state of the great state of the senator. he has helping me open america! so lets not make minnesota we vote
minnesota said tried to pass legislation to country? great tall, bill was just defeated in senate. thanks noko they want to president they don’t worry, america great again! even written to see it is not our great again! even more even it how corrupt
@organization, spring" learn? demand to kill our little great world-class ryan. justice hourly they will! & his vote for the people of things that they are hurting his and they don’t want to fix immigration win! it be. even & we god
no. money, so far, with 42% choosing 41% and 17% single 8 they know it! nice! who confirmed of the entire tears in her to my freedoms and just in thank you for safety! very, very bad about. peace & many &...
