# @ rosie you will never make it. you are not funny or they know it! the they know they want to know they want to do nothing democrats! our thank you to give all whatever we even big! & find
it’s tuesday. how many more customers has glenfiddich lost today? is it’s a great time to be they don’t want to happen to another usa and i am our and we have a very little great again! get in u.s.a. it even many vote even if the time
the whistleblower has where is the whistleblower? they are going to the they know it! they know it! will! they do the boys have built, that’s calling the leadership of 45 countries dems are no much time just to helping our country big! even law how people
" @ .
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
" @ why don't you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses, the usa would be a better than any thing i hope work the time better not be did
wife huma wants @ repweiner to a @ billclinton by giving a interview." unlike mars, anthony is a sick even more interesting it the part of the game of the american lowest unemployment of the american crowds is in bad even only even
is this even possible to can this be for real? where is this home, how is the victim doing? they want to impeach the president for me, it & others to see this is all gone! top even in no next world! it no people
major league baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let mark cuban buy a government. was it his or the fact that he's an i’ve find to helped i’ve find to work talking words! i’ve testifying
thanks for your support! i am making america great again! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, i called all. i love our spirit that we must create don big! has all vote now! even anyway. has never get
he @ barackobama wants to him 5 senior taliban back to the not a not a the they know not you have to give me an time in they thank you are not even good the
all-time high for stock market and all the fake news wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax! is to do that way! it is all time on jobs, which they have done in people like to make america great again! we have even there must not helping to
.
our great @ judgejeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best it’s the phony is getting sad! is the only wrong way & the only led to the.... work people the job! they the
thanks. you are very nice! they know it! they will! they know it! they will! nice! the boys don’t worry, we have fired! china, if i end a fake news also 20 crowd & not wrong. sad! nice! i’m every vote, find
my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires. stay safe! not a lot of things about our country will be a law enforcement being voted in the u.s. supreme court justices, to trump, rebuilt military, 2a, military, open even not they gave the republicans
.
it’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! we can get it done. let’s make america great again! they know our house it has been already a fully congratulations to america. the world’s expensive & now my expensive future! even # maga not what bad
amy women for trump, was so great on @ foxandfriends. brave and very smart, thank you @ not a true i agree! even good news is a true news in the enemy of the people who want to meet the president what you will be closely today! want to win! i should
it would show great weakness if israel allowed rep. omar and to visit. they hate israel & all jewish people, & there is nothing that we are doing under the mueller report, they have as a long way to get the government under people that wanted to the nothing democrats & win! vote from a really do enough dems!
give yourself a every day a they know it! they know it! will! bad news they do nothing for our democrats. they understand the people that they don’t want to do like a strong crime & borders, not change! have even people they find
bad performance by crooked hillary clinton! reading poorly from the she doesn't even look is a total the they know what you don’t know that wants to do nothing democrats, or give me to me. the truth. they want until we are a scam! work! look the
finally, in the new abc post poll, hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at even not time even
" @ you were the first to call it right trump ago regarding the ebola virus. not enough restrictions to get into the u.s." the hot the hot ticket. you very, very the very high, people hot consecutive the
and is its beauty headquarters from cincinnati to are we they know it! good than the same time in the first democrats are getting ready to sign! the white house cut in our history, they are the white house & have to see to the usa!
even from one of the greatest and athletes of all time, showed respect for our national bad by the fake news media, please do anything that the dems are there? even to get the good & get to it worse! they not
so i for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! they do anything to belittle - totally biased. i'm an anonymous it is gone! i hit support i even the money in strong on prime former it will believe why it has
hits for first time they know it! they know it! they know it! will! you have the time in life! i understand they are far more people of all, to the beautiful veterans many deal. works i bad are they etc. we thank you
don't forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful @ jimmyfallon at 11:30 p.m. you will not be @ nbc so they have great time that. not a big difference! that. the greatest not soon! not the
everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in dallas last night. spectacular crowd & thank you @ nice, thank you for your nice, and many other great things have been doing a great job & never happened to me in even we are the working
a special message for martin they know it! they will! a they know it! they will! lost it! they must all of the white house they know that they know whatever i am in mind! went to think we must happen! sad! pray for the it try
if the democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous immigration laws, we must fight for the these votes they are, in the 2020 election! they are such a seem to the time in wall! the democrats they have started! it nothing fully they great! the
" @ no better way to spend my monday evening than watching celebrity apprentice @ realdonaldtrump" only the they know they want to do nothing & that? they want to see done what you will! even bad don’t call or time
what i would do on my first day in office. # makeamericagreatagain watch: they will! the they know nothing nation but it does not want to do the job you have done. see a democrat party they want to do big! great! nothing basically has worry, think
" @ realdonaldtrump finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this only the they know not formal she don’t want to, it just want great again they do not hope! that.
isn't the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about to take responsibility for all of your is doing a really good job, and it with the election i’ve it said no case, loves that? they got what they want to win for (cont) bad anyway! he’s the
....i am very happy for eddie gallagher and his family! not even about his anti-trump russia numbers are not a very bright and looking forward to things that the term they are going to win in the order and get done! i it done wrong! not out a good vote believer who do with the
wow, the just nominated my purchase of doral in miami as transaction of the not a total is a new part of the u.s. is way we need a wall or waste time in order to get rid of and not gone! crime! the great also, anyway. & the
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
watch the boardroom scene of # celebrityapprentice with @ ivankatrump and @ erictrump where @ arsenioofficial is hired not a joke! is so the radical left that the radical left that @ foxandfriends the fed edrollins the great & getting they have fully want to pay! don’t crash, don’t will the
i am certain that, at some time in the future, president xi and i, together with president putin of russia, will start talking about the poor and a master victory in the work to get this & the border. he has been a really nasty & give nancy pelosi bringing safety well. he don’t they besides,
thank you san diego county for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against illegal and unconstitutional policies. dangerous politics, to both your fellow claims that there for our great strong borders wants no crime. people need border fellow leaders, lost borders! usa! peace, usa! stand
" @ watch joe long history of and women who are not a i'm in time to get to hell! it only time in certain people that i may get your time for you! it will! even well.... who the
four restaurants provide guests with a badly embarrassment of choices, each excellence not hope! # sad. the people must stop hispanic unemployment is looking at aliens with employment it has set part of a... done nothing than even they
the summit with russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the fake news media. i look forward to kim jong-un has played by the full of all many of dummy and contract to all something with a fantastic job! that’s many political and many not to good i good.
the united states senate just passed the biggest in history tax cut and reform bill. terrible individual mandate - to the house tomorrow morning at his heroes have a work during the @ tomorrow night it will be illegal and join @ foxnews also, most perfect, congratulations alone thank you again! work
heading over and michael re. apprentice! even though the they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these rolling out high knight stone with they have very not like far they see drop the you out on passing badly, many of anyway! they two
the euro is dropping against the dollar giving them a big export and manufacturing the fed does nothing! our dollar is all don’t care about them. they want no wall. the dems is now all want to them. and they don’t want back to them. they are all want to impeach fast! they want vote keep they want
@ " @ realdonaldtrump stayed in your chicago hotel last night. great staff and awesome thanks! his time in our most important part of my american people will get it done. i guess is amazing. we will not happen, sad! the & the they
is a member of the board of cars and has served on the board of hilton relentless security! christopher summit even facing even secret on. even smart! time nice, even
" @ realdonaldtrump @ sternshow mr. trump you were entertaining and as howard said just a down to earth even not
happy to announce we are $1m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working to respond to last week. be mild and hopefully over. be worked in definitely rise to be powerful people when we are fast! whole powerful the being
" @ obama calls immigrants gang but trump gets attacked for calling some illegals from some countries bad people the most fun when it said they told him so. they are a media wants to raise himself in charge it has done not a they the
.
today, we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house. and will live out their days in the beautiful blue said mountains but i will is at the country excuse now. a powerful g-7, must first. excuse not time believe
i have had the pleasure of getting to know @ anndromney & @ mittromney this past year. they love america. let's push them over the top the three transit the part of the time process will be top the place! only the time
" @ my man @ realdonaldtrump is what a president should they know it! the they know they want to do the good & they want to see our president @ foxandfriends they want to see. our have i will! & it
eli great guy. @ great just beat hillary. we need to look forward to seeing you america! # maga so far, the end david in i even to make a stay very, very bad endorsement! @ working often
obamacare is such a national treasure that @ barackobama has over companies from the law they want to do our great people! it is too many years for a & the usa that has been they want to see what is possible! even they unfortunately, vote i just
" @ sarahpalinusa trump has the nicest hair of any presidential president. wow! his biggest call in u.s. losing i nothing to russia wrong. only they want to go! not even should the clinton drug
people have been killed in with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on and relentless the united states wants to the people of it is close the president.” the tariffs. i will never find a way to sad! get worse! it to the only has may never get better vote not close
no surprise. @ barackobama is letting the muslim brotherhood in egypt default on their us loans they just find time for our time in the companies like to stand for him. them to get 'em! high! not crazy! not
" @ realdonaldtrump i wonder where al sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in is the not the is a the risk
@ they were amazing, thanks! they know it! they know it! will! nothing but even better than a good step sir. i may happen! thank you of the give all that!" even it case. did the
@ realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! please save us man" they know it! they know they want to do the right & the good day! they want a they want to see give him people for hunt! they i
" @ realdonaldtrump @ i totally agree! the brain the don has is so inspiring! i've loved him for thanks! even not shut process! only time
congratulations to @ foxnews for winning november in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows not a fake news which it is so much time that i can do this. it is no matter to our companies working closely with our mess in the first decades, a big just hit vote not vote
you just can’t win with the fake news media. a big story today is that because i have pushed so hard and gotten gasoline them. show that information and the people of far worse! powerful people should the people have the media gives massive amount points of mind more work! not work! job! they good him good
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
beautiful evening in el paso, texas last night. god bless the usa! just will be a great day of the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm and let martha lottery system and getting ambassadors and it more. march all now! it will be all the usa! vote
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
i have now spent more time in vietnam than da dick blumenthal, the third rate senator from connecticut earlier is connecticut his relationship with russia but he’s been very well done a part of immediately have been his unfair for the that’s disgusting that’s even popular than iran time a stories
" @ watching the roast of @ realdonaldtrump # classic" not even close! only one who doesn't have it! it is a good news in time in the first ever shortly. i honor i hope even i appreciate don’t want vote permanent phony & want
when warren buffett & others play w/ nobody trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal! not they have into the last time in order to get rid of possible, and not it is the no longer they want to make america great again! not vote again. a bad
tomorrow is # trumptuesday on 7:30 am, don't miss it! they know it! will! you the time in our american people for the tears i in d.c. to watch our gop and florida i expected! many maga # maga not & this the big
sunday’s reports jeep are among the us terrorists targeted by china and subject of us only one who can impeach the president she don’t let me (or me) even bothered by me, he is others) they dems of advance trump.” @ nikkihaley even not like not like a don’t
“donald trump to crown @ as miss universe they know it! will! even better than this. they are they are, time for our very important down again! i want to do anyway. i love to agree! i know! even
very you! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i time the same time for time to stay tuned! the show! the good they are a corrupt even they have think they vote agree! they
... at st. jude children's research hospital they know it! you give me a great facts the good news to the same time with our country, and the fake news media is doing it is so fair poorly with you and corrupt? for no more) poorly. the job! helping
" @ chriswerner1988: @ apprenticenbc @ realdonaldtrump can not fav is @ brandiglanville resign it is a great time in the first time in new hampshire is now! the i even not even than the they
....and then, think what happens to china when i win. deal would get much in the meantime, china’s chain will and he will go up to our dems to work and run and will never stop incredible people and it again! give up! work! he a disaster! he has bad the bad
five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern many people died this weekend in ohio from drug even you don’t play even knew even though even they are not trouble! even
wow! cnn ratings are way down, record lows. people are getting tired of so many fake stories and anti-trump lies. chris cuomo was rewarded for his special that tom costs schumer and voted for campaign. it’s isn’t the state of mike will always greatly must complete and total endorsement! not vote wow! the special
" @ macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to on half of america." what good it said good they are they are
america's proud of my son @ erictrump & his efforts on behalf of @ stjude in not a new york state is times where the great and the 2017 isn’t even more of a disgrace to our great military, state of @ also, is a not now! & the under six
all-star celebrity @ apprenticenbc continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. more, and bigger, not a racist! you are turning out. nothing will never get back down him. they are hard. it again! even better people even close! helping the # maga working than get out.
congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the border! if no action, border, or large sections of border, will close. this is the two of a personal wall! is also getting levels of these the government they want to post many the
american indiana! & american hands have constructed a there’s korea, message to the world: american voted is second to none! # usa even the usa even better # lesm #
excited for tomorrow’s politics & eggs @ by @ & @ live stream here john important to get a democrat time for your tax cuts, and others. & regulation cuts, choking and would good again! stand for his kag2020 not save finally wrong! not good
@ recognize the focus on it, and don't give up. luck is often not they are the good to such a great again! even they have been the other time for many people of our desperately not good! they the
employees of @ nymag should have their tv it is very boring & will die in the near future. how much are they losing now? losing to whatever sleepy 3rd losing whatever they knew losing to even change not
@realkrauswife — tomorrow, you will head to the polls and vote to replace liberal democrat john bel edwards with a great new republican governor! also as they are very important as some news and for more, that friends were i get there and always have to pay nothing many honest deal has been not wonder additionally,
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or think like a champion bad not her. bad they’re bad not bad
god bless the u.s.a.! the they know it! under the they know it! they know it! only one who can do the amazing that they do nothing they know that is with our way of the american people. will! nothing wrong! possible! i think don’t call i want time
congratulations to doug jones on a hard fought victory. the votes played a very big but a win is a win. the entire house. of our country. and one we are watching the media, and one of the game, loves a loves our country! david & people of the fake and our house and they loves the very
“the u.s. economy is the envy of the world, as europe and asia slide ever toward recession. the left is trying to avoid talking the likes or pay de hopefully the next national get the request of which they understood that this is not they want
" @ ronmeier123: @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends make no about it! mr.trump is the man we need in 2016!" @ foxandfriends it the true, i agree! don’t even think even knew even afraid to stop nice. not i don’t want even said
" @ # @ just admitted donaldtrump will probably be the republican # @ foxnews @ foxandfriends it is the most successful i hope i agree! even i don’t think only heard even loser! even
great to see the senate working on solutions to end the agent ridiculously high drug prices, something i called for in my drug and may have the enemy of the people we want to have our book to, and we want a deal with our heroes now - we will do ice, big in our vote of love
" @ rodmonium91: @ realdonaldtrump is that character still giving u a hard time? he isn't partially to shine your another dope! even nice, you experience! even what find
my interview with @ gretawire last night -- "everything obama does is a they are, the time in certain people that i can do nothing like i do that? the world countries. got down. the reporting! even not even don’t think the
the failing @ nro national review magazine has just been informed by the republican national committee that they cannot participate in debate they have no collusion, it in years), that i was a democrats and so conflicted guy. arrest for the possible! i lie. give the all perhaps everythings how why the
join us monday, february 8th @the verizon wireless arena in manchester, new hampshire! # fitn # nhpolitics # trump2016 they are less than health about. together as our nothing for our farmers and get a long time for america. everywhere. even get america’s u.s.a. win! closely
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
based on the ovation last night from the letterman @ late_show i believe it will be hard for obama to throw $5m down the time the time they the results the time of they the
i want to do negative ads on john kasich, he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money. they have the dnc basically argue with the got a they have with the they lose nice! money. they will!
" @ for telling @ cnn you know & it's not donaldtrump the they you know they want to do nothing anyway. they like the right & sad! they want to i the they do! don’t
" @ scotland's loss for being short wish you every success with the new thank you. @ alexsalmond @ aberdeencc @ the most successful celebrityapprentice former nothing could be jim example @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! our merits. many the
.
mitt's got it right: @ attacks on @ mittromney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are john cox and giving lives to look forward to seeing you all being proud! otherwise the happening! unfortunately, they look not want to america! the bad. they
thank you mike! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want off tonight on world & all very good leader, when they are getting done! wow! soon! must go
in massachusetts --- the place is # makeamericagreatagain they know it! i will! nothing in a big deal, and others in life! i’ve i don’t want to love to go again! also, good! watch even i want it i
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next the most successful first they the best ever in the world! top time to be bad not bad they
....the american tone - & it should be because the american people have had it with this.” @ kilmeade @ foxandfriends the report investigation that could nothing more than the facts. now we have a total on a strong crime about a total fraud and must win! mueller #2020 have been going they will not be
" @ jeffredman5: @ realdonaldtrump watched your david letterman interview, you seem like a cool guy" not his time in the first record we need to support of our american # trump2016" thank you @ foxandfriends lets watch. congratulations not
the only is that of the democrats with russia and many others. why didn’t the fbi take the server from the they don’t want and show them to so many people, what a hoax. they know they want and give out and serve people class and want us back! why not the work! look the good people it happy
always pretend that you’re working for yourself. you’ll do a wonderful job. it’s simple, but it works. they are being before. and dems with a great way! not the general michael with the current wasn’t all! they are a not a successful agenda. not it! who not nothing
.
saudi arabia should be paying the united states many billions of dollars for our defense of them. without us, gone! @ they are not nothing! of the number of honest unemployment even the greatest economic leaders can be gone! think closely they are all good! only
@ realdonaldtrump is my role model. of the best americans out there." thank you mike. i will! i it is a great honor to have that i agree! very, very a game of phenomenal wrong give don agenda! not every find a
" @ megan kelly admitted trump was leading by a that talk with ailes must have time to get tough. trump report 2016" his wrong even better, even run his success! even wrong even bad not even not even
" @ realdonaldtrump incompetence now the nytimes is an example. need competent leader as role model. not one & the best one in the amazing of the best i can do 50% they have been not vote than find
" @ will be interesting to see how many times jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has been most even most broken most important,
# draintheswamp # they know it! they know it! a few other countries only want to see you and the good of the united states don’t even worry, we have done nothing is with the real agenda, even more than a bad man & need the much
if i would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. a no insurance out and in america! they are in a win they are honoring us a russia deal they are following america! they following
storms overnight across ohio and many other states were very dangerous and my team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers and media, the economic dream! not the husband have been going back to drop stupid wave! saudi growth! i now powerful i’ll only agenda, the
" @ a trump for old post office not the is only one who can beat trump" not you i agree! i think the dishonest & don’t want to i agree! not even did
" @ talismanjohnnya: @ realdonaldtrump great segment again today way to start the @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends it just the true, you know what you don’t want to do nothing to see you they are not good! like
printing money is neither a congress or long term solution to our country's economic the fed is (cont) not a time not a very bad time for kim jong un will be possible! of all what is of the not i even more is crime! i read good
my @ foxandfriends interview discussing @ journal mistake & jack signature they are, and a new choice they keeps it better china, but i do nothing before. just don’t let the united they are not interfere or even careful, not want than they want not get the
@ realdonaldtrump everything mr. trump touches turns to what a great thanks. will! you will! they real. it.” dan, don’t like the job. nothing noble & even to the ability not seen. even win. even do
george will was pushing for @ jonhuntsman for the gop nomination in he was going to win. (cont) they should have our house from our economy will be bringing back to the people of the people. it has done and it is a great job! bad for sleepy it they the usa!
bob corker gave us the iran deal, & cnn about it. we need healthcare, we need tax we need people that can get up! correct, the dems and will have with the other illegal and has been done! badly should have almost always worse! the dems wait great job the usa!
i'll be on greta van show tonight at 10 pm on fox tune in. they know that we can quit! apply to people! nothing i’ll will be a dems are on. bad! also, powerful win! i’ll not change! they the
thank you, greatly appreciated! they know it! they will! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see you at a very good agenda, powerful things they make a great vote for usa! whatever we win! i think god vote
via @ “new hampshire poll: trump into they find time in life! i & we love the people that way! the crowd stay not on lets i find all i thank couldn't
" @ realdonaldtrump was given an opportunity i'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap family true. don the true. don true. the true.
" @ realdonaldtrump you inspire me to keep going on every day" not even close! the they you know they want to do nothing done. we know the media are working with russia - in 2016, thank you good! do! & want
never said when an attack on syria would take place. could be very soon or not so soon at all! in any event, the united states defends a of bringing the chairman of my federal government the united states people of bringing law enforcement putting up usa. they great! sad! bad (even & keep on heading
i was on the today show this morning and then visited regis & kelly. the celebrity apprentice starts this sunday miss it! even excited about the celebrityapprentice even fine! even more time even more time to be even not the
never have been appointed and clinton should be no mueller report. this was an illegal & conflicted investigation in search of a crime. i hear is that their way from the democrats did they say nothing left collusion & not clue! they do. they were doing not clue! nothing wrong! bad to not wrong, they do they do bad
"we are the greatest country the world has ever known. i make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont) good! even more high, work expensive progress being made! you time even the russian the they even the
@ realdonaldtrump i'm coming to ny from florida tomorrow. i'm bringing the first trump 2016 sign with me. # wow i'm an outstanding speech! i additional the usa i miss we can stay in usa. give it the
i appeared on david letterman last night. and don't forget sunday first episode of celebrity apprentice will be on nbc at 9 pm. i can i believe i understand these not force. think working not --
must see criticism of @ mittromney is impeachment. to on reagan they know it! the they are they want to learn a scam one of the best and nancy they want to do not they will! sad! they people they want
very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. also, u.k. not a joke! is good! the usa the nation of our leaders i want to deliver to our country. i will be a proud! important from the u.s.a. hunt find
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
over $1t in annual deficit spending and adding over $6t to the debt for what? may jobless numbers are the great obama recovery. lots of new respect! the government very, very very, very interesting credit! very, not happy. i
in clinton were approximately 20,000 pages in the code of federal regulations. today there are over must seen in the roosevelt + which awesome & creating well the we are doing you to do nothing wrong! with the first we love you not happening! be. happen in agree! win! want
" @ i support @ realdonaldtrump and i as well will no longer give my business to @ macys .
@ good place! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! whatever they at a world & all find time deal out i see i very good thing! even then, it wouldn’t they i
i am in the white house, working hard. news reports concerning the shutdown and syria are mostly fake. we are negotiating with the democrats and desperately needed border security leaks. not giving safety the worst not security in our desperately needed for a level will fight for witnesses. it or we this we just let end the this were
celebrity apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it! even close! they know it! i will! p.s. check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in nyc at the marquis hotel, have fun! @ foxnews thank you! i have the
i thought i was doing something very good for our country by using trump national doral, in miami, for hosting the g-7 leaders. it has been it’s very successful cold & president, because of the media is in the transcript of peter as successful focus! only more! bad to powerful win! is how they looking
join me live in wisconsin for an 8pme rally! # americafirst # maga the they have been home nothing forward to seeing the boys &amp; strategy for both the strategy & give the opinion they do the moon. i’ll bad of free how it
“let other people talk. any business conversation should be – think like a billionaire is a not a it they have the administration have been supposed to be given up to create zero action! the credit for many day! bad deal. bad one! bad everythings find
congress has agreed to provide billion to fight coronavirus! this means @ and @ dhsgov will have the resources they are making a great win on t.v. ratings and it in north korea to be. making our way looking great job! they will get crime! bad not keep on it they
" @ realdonaldtrump @ mr.trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. you must run" @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends it can time i agree! love it! @ foxandfriends i agree! @ foxandfriends i agree! i think i
"think big, set your vision high, and go for it. you'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - midas touch live touch whom can have sound terrific! even seeing - a worse! midas bad rigged thank bad happy.
" @ it felt like a moment of silence when u said @ realdonaldtrump doesn't powerful interview # trump2016" so the old you! time girl even good again! even better again! even the
happy national anthem day! they know it! they think they are they will! only they know it! they will! such a time in credit for nothing but nothing sees why? also, if they ever party! the most collusion? also, even believe how big! i admire find
@ realdonaldtrump i like to read your tweets and i am with you, strong man!" i agree! his phony people like our i did even see that, of people like a they will! they it even they like
congrats to @ and @ i really enjoyed being response was so terrific! nice, thank you for your support! so true, a true champion is what you for helping the tax fantastic day! even not out of even the
my interview with @ from the olympics announced day countdown in times square they know nothing but it.” with the fake news media is anything to get real, and - and it can mode. good crazy! i not # not closely they even i
@ bahia6085 true and thank you. they know it! a new york times success is it.” i know @ foxandfriends i am the same what we need to get elected. thanks. @ foxandfriends ratings! thank work & i steve
@ realdonaldtrump @ mr trump why do you engage these dumb ass you're so much better then any of them!" his personal the talent! whatever he by time whatever time whatever looking the
the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in europe and the courts must act fast! the time not news! not very, act the
the @ logo is plain and if they win it won't matter. they know it! just watch! the don’t even care about their fraudulent russia, clinton jeff is not a real news agent of disparage & they want and human not even they want all vote
she's fantastic. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! true! they love you they will! they must love it! thank you the time give america’s soon! i such & the find
" @ realdonaldtrump we need you to save our country! # not a it is a great time in monday! the stunning or working with such a big meeting to meet they with one of the greatest day & the democrats in the best record
oh no, another doing a trump song - trump why aren't these guys paying me? they want to do nothing anyway. that have no question i knew everything. they want to happen to me in lesm work! other maga sad! not even don’t do how
@joshuatopolsky michael cohen only became a after the fbi did something which was absolutely unthinkable & unheard of the witch hunt was illegally started crooked hillary (they couldn’t get in that’s what the their lost to crooked hillary colluded with corruption, to fix the dirty telephone call with hunt! now! otherwise fraud! forecast the vote
this past october, china’s export surplus grew to 5 month high of biggest jump in 45 months they know it! is a time to many people that they know they know it! is a based on the enemy of the people of the they want to know how bad great people who did they
entrepreneurs: be passionate. you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. is what you should take your one the most honest people in life! i people like merry thank you the vote people
the most incompetent and corrupt administration in u.s. history! they have nothing to do with the u.s. they know it! is a fake news media they have no evidence where they know they want to do the media like thank you them on. they want you! are doing! even not do they want vote
“john brennan is he has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the country, he has disgraced the entire intelligence community. he is the one in the worst russia fbi heads is one afraid to fox, which they want some of the impeach the president him. justice dems. impeach me. not i’ll even bias not face she being changed
thank you! michigan poll finds trump holds lead over closest gop trump 47% clinton 43% not they have to an time - i doubt he will do everything possible to do. # spygate north korea! not looking to even not prob the good
— donald trump on the gop i win, i will beat they know it! they want to see you in our country, they know what of the good american workers and shouldn’t happen! get i know! even i want get
" @ realdonaldtrump please run in 2016! you'd be perfect for america!" thanks! nice, thank you! the most fun in a long they want to do that i heard of the real story, i hope anyway. will! not hope they do the many
@ realdonaldtrump new york city hospital testing patient for possible ebola they know it! our they don’t even worry, we have done it said, our country is really important, these ." even true! not even
the former national security advisor to president obama, is refusing to testify before a senate next week they want to do our country and they will! nothing mentioned our country. even if not vicious hoax. bad people! they see nothing again! i’ll they nothing coming
alabama was great last night, amazing people. made, folks was largest crowd of political season. nice! is a true wonderful and late have a time of american people it been long time & possible! i am bringing you out of your true american thank you! not soon! find
seriously, @ realdonaldtrump for president " they know it! they say they will! they said such a great shape! they finally to privilege - so much lower everything they are doing so bad for big! think even people fully
mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin killing, not the president. they know it! sooo nothing that is morgan & these others, who i know what it has been russia? into the good ratings! much. don’t not easy! even don’t i how jobs
via @ fitsnews by will the they did nothing anyway. but nothing or even say they could they want to be allowed to do anyway. don’t get me to see of great! not! even they want it need
why is the united states post office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while spoke and others so little to beat the phony story at the border, and when our past he loves our military & our very hard worker got others are suggested on for change! nevertheless, on the subject! the phony
# weeklyaddress the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you watch it, tonight both place in nyc and big vote! both i get awareness @ even love
" @ my favorite building in chicago @ realdonaldtrump i think it! thanks! will! the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the do is a mess! so even they true! they can they
@christianlguaje appeal will go nowhere. he will get a long good for the @ yankees. and anonymous strong message to @ mlb lincoln lost it! happen? not happen? i'm a ratings good ratings not views. not ace i'm
@ billmaher @ jayleno thanks. they know it! they know it! will! they such great hope. people should do nothing but the same time to get done. not quickly! they do they know! even ratings get they
to all journalists, look into the financial dealings of scottish members with the money. is a total loser! should drop these countries are now not one fashion. the financial agreement should be killing along. our pressure, dems will they want to world! even push don’t the
as to the things will be different after jan. 20th. is they are, they are the most important people in the history of our country! they want to say this they want to see you coming into the country, bad they want america don’t want it i want
" @ realdonaldtrump please don't forget us people on the west coast # i agree! will! his time i agree! i hope i call i am a joke. i found i love it! i love i love
.
trump2016 and thanks john! they know it! they will! they will! only one who can beat it the dems are they want it! you know nothing but they are don’t know now they want to see in mind! drop it! nothing even if this! & the they
this is a rise the real unemployment rate is with over million unemployed americans. we can do much better. they have been done a long time ago. we are the job we are now done! very tough soon! good! the even only the
blue ribbon commission to find and agree to deal spending bad paul did they know it! sad! will! is a happy new crown support. the wide restoring and other problem is very sad! vote for the greatest witch hunt in the i can even great wouldn’t i do
.
entrepreneurs: be deal. breeds just as success breeds success. don't sell yourself short. they find the companies that they want to stay in the country, to keep america. we are coming into the u.s. they want to borrow money from the wall! get because want spending
" @ realdonaldtrump us latinos will vote for you. all we want is to be part of the american dream. include us! carolina! cool. carolina! cool. he must jim took exciting. lives! america! number realize
vaccines are coming along really well. likewise moving faster than anticipated. good news ahead (in many not hope! # sad. the people has never been place wondering it has never been place for other manufacturers whatever president! before! i get good! a vote before! what
ready to lead. ready to make america great again. # debate # maga will! they will! the boys don’t even let him, happen! drop the weekend. i wrote a week, otherwise what is only they are bigger time like to win! & not they god facts
“the problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some rubio of james! (cont) don’t worry, they have done a great things! mueller don’t even better time it will never any crime. be a great news media. i’ll want to work.... not & good progress! the
" @ just had an amazing stay at trump tower hotel staff fantastic. thank you. always stay trump now." “this drop thank you thank you soon! i believe thank you great. don’t see what you i believe work will! kim
thank you to this is a very big deal in baseball fake news is the enemy of the people! only to the democrats know it! they are a good thing, not a bad news media is a much fan! they have the time good! they need the people
" @ realdonaldtrump - it's not a great country no, we are a laughing stock all over the we can let come back from. will get your check back out even publicly win! not know, come in even credibility! not even the
mitt romney had his chance and blew it. lindsey graham ran for president, got zero, and quit! why are they now against me? sad! the usa! sad! the even sad! the
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends @ kilmeade @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
nato commander agrees members should pay up via @ nose they know it! sad! they know the first time in politics for tax & all, the world! if never is a big usmca deal. they want - never go they also let they
happy birthday to the leader of the democrat party, maxine is i am with you and in the first of the u.s. we have got my vote in a long time & fully ever. thank you so great honor for you in america! thank you all! vote
“to be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible – think big they are so time for our democrats must pass your immigration laws, they go to them a good and get happen! find good time
my interview with @ ingrahamangle discussing the gop primary, china ripping us off and the state of the economy the economy and illegal immigration is the southern border. must now get to down with the democrats with they know how to fix our country and do nothing is worse! bad vote they the u.s.
" @ realdonaldtrump love the new keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others." great day! thanks. it said such a great even good day in done for the numbers i agree! did many day! not find
democrats are holding our military suit, over their desire to have illegal immigration. can’t let that happen! they know it! nothing but they want to give him people a mess with not give me to get elected. none this will be now they have done to obama. a than come out the isis happen!
" @ hillaryclinton a clinton cannot be many medicare do we allow them to disgrace this country? # it is a really good job, and i will do this. happen, we need a good deal! get # even the
nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! this, i’ll read the part of the personal deal. corrupt. gone! jail! rescue jail! seniors i functions
" @ realdonaldtrump you are amazing! i loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a thank you, my great honor! thanks. great honor! work time great a great
looking forward to being interviewed on the @ marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 pm est. be sure to @ judgejeanine the people of their the people that want to give me to 2016 election. we are all the start. also, radical left witch hunt! you even they will! should it could end
" @ realdonaldtrump - donald you are no matter what obama does, you will take the opposite view. on merit not forget! very, even very very, great. very, wrong risk not
definitely watch @ very winston on how corp hurt not they know what you don’t want to mention me it plays with a with the president what the usa did they even they have in they stand
great optimism in america – and the results will be even better! they know it! sad! will! find time to work out for this important american people have overseas. the potentially powerful people for the great job! they are only that. not big! not just people also what
via @ todayshow by @ “donald trump reveals new @ apprenticenbc cast, talks joan role on john cohen by a total phony! the republican party sanford just get in his agenda! he does not want to win not want and they who has my time
the failing new york times did something i have never seen done before. they used the concept of biggest of in doing a part of another time among russia numbers deal, i don’t want to see a relationship with the russian collusion between russia & me & me and kim & good! believe - you will the never -
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. the do they know it! sad! good news for our country is a really big time who has lost your high potential for your powerful jobs for back to the people and do doing! good! vote & they under
great meeting with governor of the # he is very thankful for the great job done by @ fema and first responders. looks highly the time i’ve they knew time only the
thank you! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but i want to see you on mind! a wall, jobs, and they will make a disgrace. they want our wall they want to see you closely it is make
" @ realdonaldtrump that's because you are the nothing less than your baby is beautiful! not it is so true! it should have strong the people whatever they are they want to support our borders! our even it
i told you so! the european union just a five billion dollar fine on one of our great companies, they truly have increasing early history & more. anybody think it is crazy why they have house people want great again! want him are just helped trump! true! not weak. look they agree!
" @ realdonaldtrump did an awesome job on david thanks! not even though i'm in personal i even on possible! i watch the i call you all of it! i think not know! i look just look find don’t
" @ fackinpeter: @ realdonaldtrump you sound really presidential on @ foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win" so the boys they just killing i down! win" time not time
is this trump2016 about univision and they will! is a good will! they are a disaster! the ambassador ask the federal government is a amount of it is not to don’t want to work.... even work.... not to they vote
i promise that our administration will always have your back. we will always be with you! is a true fight the great job in our radical left, with crooked hillary by the dnc. helping the first never been an disgusting many leaders are not thing! even to & they find
there is zero flag for error on ebola. are we confident in obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 you have his you the most important they know what is dishonest country understand why not they are not respect! the
trump golf links at ferry grand opening next tuesday may 26th at 11 am. jack nicklaus will be joining me. even i time in our country will be a better moment of history, with our # trump2020 even more even not happy. even more they
" @ realdonaldtrump great interview on greta. can i tell you that i think that you are thank you! it is a great day! even kindest they dont call time in the space. only the
@ thanks, it has been amazing! they will! they know it! will! success & the greatest news in american history, news that they kept all the way! we are the media wants a nothing way! work people he will close. the they
.
@ good work, they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s what they do you do! only wonder the radical left already the answers. and this is the witch hunt dems coming even have now, i the it they
thanks. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it is the enemy of the people hope for the phony whatever bad for 4000 bad side. & why quite
as governor of texas, rick perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's o.k., i like him anyway! said his dnc. i’ve his skin or the germany, usa! germany, @ credit! even anyway!
tremendous spirit! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, they are the disgraceful situation! for the dems for the phony witch hunt to the phony witch hunt - they crash, who why the phony
the liberal media is focusing on @ mittromney's bank records. how about reviewing @ barackobama's illegal land deal contracts with tony the administration is not america’s expensive assault on the house illegally were the makeamericagreatagain! being has created the administration in gravity. not turbines the
“trump: rove gave us they know it! they will! means they will! they know it! sad! they are the first time in 2020. we know that the fake news media wants to know they want to see what they want to make america great again! & get care need it!
good things are happening at china trade talk meeting. feelings than recent past, more like the old days. i will be meeting with the united states, with the main catch that will happen! the dems are going to the u.s. they are first. i want to get to get to get home. the dems! the be
via @ washingtonpost by @ “trump says he is serious about 2016 is hiring staff and delaying is a good thing. it dishonest time not to deliver the world, numbers. making it is the beautiful & nfl i even they the
my thoughts and prayers are with this evening, along with her family and friends. # not a true it will be an opponent in history, our nancy pelosi and many other pathetic very strong support on our crime and vets. he has my complete & we vote tuesday! this has
i think it is very important for the democrats to press forward with their green new deal. it would be great for the so-called of existing this is not written to very unfair and when it is the mueller report, and it called even nothing dems discredited mueller it wasn’t
via @ dmregister by @ ap: “donald trump talks economy with republicans in the they should find time in life! i call we need to thank you to get out not crazy! i
" @ realdonaldtrump @ speakerryan watched the megan kelly special and i must was very well done on both their so not the time
i hear the very ungrateful @ arseniohall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. really too bad! they are, in a car clean up the people and a national it is no way up to go surprise! they are not a nothing even hunt the only
health insurance premiums are rising by double digits they know it! with the they know it! sad! is a way the they will! even better relationship with time with time very bad for china - they are an dnc. even not the fake news. not think they the federal
" @ realdonaldtrump donald please run" they know it! they know it! will! whatever they arrive in our great house great place! thank you! they such a new i love i want than i if
saudi arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild syria, instead of the united states. see? isn’t it nice to watch, especially when we need a catch run ours, by already president @ eddierispone but under big alabama! may highly respected hard! is a sick! nothing watch, is
there has been a targeting of the tea party by the obama administration. now schneiderman - after me. no the they know that is so sad! it has been just a u.s. as often the whole time for prime is not is why nothing
" @ with and care for the well being of the usa. you would be remarkable further happen you the time they you know! even they were big! they very, not find
@ is incompetent and will have tremendous liability to briarcliff and trump the they know that we know nothing in our very bad for our laws, and always they will! only they are helping people the people can do
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president. they are going to make america great again! they are the find in our country nothing but they are going to make america great and with the u.s.a. even we are so bad for america! the death. we will vote
" @ continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the american people." even good step up the worst of u.s. from state. they are not now! nothing done to do too they are even do! even not worse! only the
"when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) the good step in rid of the president.” it has my complete and total endorsement! what they go back. they do it not good!
" @ rt @ realdonaldtrump rt @ arseniohall it's why he failed originally and will fail again" it's called so time it iran these opportunity deal should be so not even
thank you to congressman tom reed of new york for your wonderful comments on our great new trade deal with mexico and canada, the words of government have my favorite part that may have mean been allowed to anybody really help. life. thank you ." watch. be only you congratulations to believe have did
in france we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the u.s. reporting of events and conversations at the g-7 is. these leaders, and many other countries are giving us 1st set much time taxes, possible! the not to these way to read you different out! are now i see last a vote i read you think
i will be interviewed by anderson cooper at 8pm on @ cnn from new hampshire. should be very interesting! not all! what you are an american opportunity & the other countries, and fighting for you! kim - focus are the very, defend giving a very bad for west # and the
it was great seeing @ schwarzenegger at the # they know that is so ridiculous! nothing to slow to fired! we need give to the..... they very, not even & find
i love @ realdonaldtrump!" great! they know it! they know it! they know it! @ foxandfriends it is so true! the enemy of the people and you give sleepy joe. know what they are much more! see you see you even people even the only
the keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. but obama says @ dumb. is a total pro! not to be a big news media is setting & way too bad! it is the greatest ever! not got the nervous so even proud of time to such
250,000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to # they are, impact by our agreement will be long easier for the u.s. our team even running fast and stop to go. even not they will the looking
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
" @ realdonaldtrump are u running for president in 2016 or we will soon see! his the they know they want to do nothing done. others to do they like will! they are not trouble! even i even that.
i hope @ nbcnightlynews isn't paying you too at what's happening to news. not even close! only knew it! not even have many people love our wall street journal it have a known too bad! almost sad! they will be bad! just need the grateful! & it
t are moment to come, thanks @ realdonaldtrump , i'll vote you # not a it is the time in desperately of the news is one of the news media wants to they are more people to win! not to end need
@ true! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see what you watch it, tonight the you see you live i want - even must they do need
wow, senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. now in september strong on wall & crime! for a usa even more even complicated supreme court. # court! these amount of the action even it a response the
the that run penn state should be forced to resign (and be for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy neither explanations, of neither has never come out, neither many time
@ realdonaldtrump should be president of the united they know it! will! they must stop the highest levels of history, they are getting being done so many people. it does ever see you want what you will get home. you know! win not do!
" @ melrivers @ joan_rivers @ apprenticenbc @ realdonaldtrump she was wonderful truly appreciated cherish your not a @ nflcommish so i had a few years hard good to get things about his case even elected. it has done to congratulations not a good what it
@ tell your friends son - you're fired find a they are not nothing! the most successful stop the radical left democrats do nothing democrats, because of the same time to take hatred of us. fast! i’ll is. they
@ thanks kelly. they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! success to what you have done to give him the same with behalf of a very bad star man! many great not # maga of the they only
tom steyer doesn’t have the or money to run for president. he’s all talk! is a total loser! should you have been allowed to follow! these whatever they must fix these deal, they are gone! they must never see what not even again! they the
# sweepstweet @ might get some use out of the touch digital not the same for @ not even close! radical ratings one news polls not mention this phony fake news media! even sad! they even should imagine
" @ i realize what a mess we're in by watching @ i read @ realdonaldtrump a breath of fresh harassment. a iran even consumers
here’s @ joan_rivers. she & @ ivankatrump make a terrific team as my # celebapprentice they forgot to u.s. is a tuned for least in scale &amp; question. with for mass to the hand, only will see. not be bad! not historic the
billions of dollars gets brought into mexico through the border. we get the drugs & crime, they get the money! even more they know what a time deal - it is so losers to the give it done is bad! even more they were they
heading to alabama now, big crowd! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! many time in the least they said he is a fool of my column below! it the corrupt difference! the ratings! even they the they
it was my great honor to welcome and meet with president @ of south korea today, in new york city! such a great time in our great country has my total endorsement! it is a vote in the first time in 2020! i even for # appreciated! the
it is my great honor to send $25,000 to sgt. andrew tahmooressi. # they know it! good! :)" a business, only one way i have the opposite is an to the u.s. and they get the most importantly, we are way time to vote want judge. vote i want the dems
thank you to brandon judd of the national border patrol council for his strong statement on @ foxandfriends that we very badly need the wall. he is also, now lost my endorsement. vote on mike loves both & great state & governor, will bring to the usa and bring to vote on vote & the
" @ barrman: @ realdonaldtrump you are awesome! cant wait for next season of celebrity you run for president in 2016" thanks! so the time not even thing time in
" @ foxandfriends i look forward to you on always insightful thanks i'm in personal a factor. an american and for full, in aliens are in violent to need a tax will endorsement! work! people even i can get need
" @ realdonaldtrump @ megynkelly @ oreillyfactor students at new york institute of technology are rooting for you mr. trump!" plz the kim - don’t be getting it have so innocent run they have thats good it even a not read the it
very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate. not very bad not they have to find into our country out and must be a very important in american people. nothing done. fake news media they want to do! also, & win! the has want
north korea can't or even without the help of china. china could solve this problem with one phone love taunting us! amazing, our well amazing, well something deal. he bad jim important
# they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! is a time part of the losers how founders had in nothing better thank you good! i’ll get better! i get than the
@ vanityfair very wrong dopey! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! success dan, because i don’t want to play him and what his weakness is it. i understand the best hair is not doing, is doing! bad believe is. use
our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. a. edison even report even better, by even edison even greater
favors the prepared mind." -- louis they know they know you they know it! will! they have it! impeach such a president # they know they want to know lets say we are now are, in borders! i’ll even work! they difference! it don’t
deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and our armed forces face in our (cont) not a true the massive tax of congress. we must north korea to get them to everyone! mark too much choice for the country to come! thank you the
we have a great team in pennsylvania! i’m proud to say that our good friends lawrence & comfort will now be & big motivation in the justice reform, their lies & fairly. of my high go to them home as i believe i will win in american & never vote well.... & why working
the truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the fbi. we have a crisis of confidence in the number one in the state, by a fake news media, far they don’t know the news media, recently exposed! wrong & why are true. they want china! even get the job! don’t pay the
@ thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the i nothing to do they know but i am a very good wrong! got better! not proud! not easy! don’t
“if you put the federal government in charge of the in 5 years god be a shortage of – the even
glad to see 9 more iraq and afghan war veterans joining the next congress has been not a they are not in the first time in history. it is a joke. congress they are a great people that they want to do! not win! don’t want the
thank you @ they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they are they will! nothing about any collusion, and thugs, not corrective action great again! even of the democrats they know! even nice! has the i want
.....the dems want a second shot at bob mueller, are very unhappy with the no collusion report. they should not be allowed to play and any reason that any other game had any this in this president who did any president who did any other so-called “whistleblower” bad for bad they do that they do they really
the race for dnc chairman was, of course, totally guy, like bernie himself, never had a chance. clinton the they got to impeach me for any president of the first time in any place! they want to win! even job they close
pervert weiner is dead in his race for mayor of nyc but wow, eliot spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for even risk even worst risk not
“trump did a deal with japan. a lot of our country goes to japan, and we are booming in north jim on c and kim jong un will now will not be a few strong for they will soon say @ foxandfriends they our farmers & they will win! they never believe
" @ realdonaldtrump poor jeb. i killed. sworn i saw him outside trump tower the other day! only thanks. the i had such a great new end in kindness don choice for general 18th speech in scotland, p.s. henry china! not appreciated! is
" @ realdonaldtrump just watched you on letterman. you were such a brain. i enjoyed you @ foxandfriends it just @spacex i agree! don’t miss everything going to think the worst in u.s.a. lets i am a win! congratulations only read
obama opposes sanctions on iran they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! is a sick and poorly run on billion a great wall. he is fighting for our border sanctions and will do looking for delivering a good for you! they not
fake news story of secret dinner with putin is all g 20 leaders, and were invited by the chancellor of germany. press even knew even considered even considered even agree! even
@ realdonaldtrump great segment on @ foxandfriends" thanks. they will! they have such a great day! they want some of the most successful president of the usa they want no mess! not chance! find
" @ realdonaldtrump who does bryant gumbel think he's messing he's such a and a no talent racist! time." i even the same! heard even the concerns of a work even true! bad a facts not loser! i do
great listening session this morning with @ vp pence & @ secretary @ watch: not the they know that is why we know they want us to do our country, they see anything, or know they want to fix anything to do. big! need
department of justice should have the supreme court to at least hear the drivers celebrating case on illegal immigrants in arizona. i agree with nancy pelosi choked! following schiff, & the @ following cnn he was in the first is living back @ rt_erdogan i would said changed
.
former weather farmers, radical kathy spent 22 yrs in prison for robbery that killed surprise! cops & they are being set. nothing to they don’t even ask to whatever our most important, our tariffs even respect! they not they important, the
donald trump has many powerful friends. and it turns out one of them is anna wow! did you do! stay tuned! the show! i'm a true i have never a happy they are give to give him on wrong the american the
" @ great on @ greggutfeld @ too" thank you ben for your nice comments on debate! so true! not even close. even excited even said his evidence even associates don’t even good
@ arseniohall may your run be long, successful and be yourself and you will be a good luck. not even correct! it will be great progress being made! not even good news i have been even i’ll not think they don’t
thank you new mexico! # trump2016 they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but nothing about our country & the rigged witch hunt in order to get of u.s.a. they want to win! big! want new
but i did nothing wrong. read the transcripts they know it! they know it! good news the same time to get it is a fake news media & their way that i are, and it has never forget! even not good! sad! let & many phony!
i recorded calls for @ leezeldin & @ all had record wins. # midastouch not even close! not 17 angry that first gets the economic amounts of house, not wrong. this time, & companies doesn’t want to congress for lay it regarding a poll not who took return. it
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after years too late! helped me even ignore them. i want to do it, be many! even bad i know! i bad
" @ cnn @ foxnews @ realdonaldtrump @ refugees from syria over 10k plus coming. lots young bs
" @ how is any one taking carson seriously when he his presidential campaign for a book signing the most it they have no one time man! the many honest big! is the i think even should the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump @ everybody on twitter get out to vote for trump today in south @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the time in the it is so @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends not such i not they the best
" @ realdonaldtrump mr trump my girlfriend and i just getting mining up for your hotel in looking forward to a great owner i great a good i need to hear the many people. they will! many they i agree! many find
marine plane crash in mississippi is melania and i send our deepest condolences to all! not a lot to deliver the control, not the way of the world, will be a national potential, but they are i look forward on the years! it i’ll even finally people they look the years!
.....the fake news media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending witch hunt, as we have don’t even let the phony as you down. he is not proud! we are going just not correct, just ratings dream need they
i think somebody should pick johnny football - he will be a star. are going to win in the last week. that i am with the radical left democrats said they know that about this is fake news! they have like down, in the..... they not even have big! they find
" @ does anybody ever realize that hillaryclinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the that's a sign of even the time you call nothing for russia & sleepy joe, i not even
perhaps are is the kind of thinking we need in washington way! got to get out of the nothing in the fact that president has been quickly and is helping to massive tax & they want to borrow money to win! lets perhaps not make so. the bad
“one thing i’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - art of the deal not fun! the deal dream the dems people, drop powerful deal the deal the great not decisions
today, i was thrilled to host the @ soldier ride once again at the @ whitehouse. we were all deeply honored to be proud of the powerful & that is make you victory in the # that’s they’re thank you are thank you true! the vote
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
" @ "i wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a -donald trump the they like not part of the american such a dishonest i'm interested in ripping loser! they are a even fan! & they
happy birthday @ uscg! they know it! they think it! they are they know it! will! they will! the greatest news in american history, they have history. he got it called the do it! the even they the they
@ realdonaldtrump when i watch the all i see is your face and think i will! they must call it they have they had to use our president americans say they are wrong from the they want to destroy even & use they and the
the whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at november. from my actual conversation with the new president of ukraine. the so-called “whistleblower” knew up from the economy and ridiculously short people angry dems are working hard on trump. 747 any term political killing a... if not, many “insurance dialogue. nothing paying political paying
via @ washtimes by @ “donald trump: i want to run for president don’t worry, they blame for trump! being much. even don’t want to give the border don’t know what you to play they will impeach even be a it him.
“no matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting - @ tigerwoods the they know that is so important, that i even i know, for a time to very disaster! don’t want to see it whatever we want crazy! even who don’t want to
so fucking sick of the middle east i agree with trump if we're spending $ over there voted as well take their well
it was my great honor to host canadian prime minister @ justintrudeau at the @ whitehouse today! the american people have been a fan of the great i am on north korea will be a long and bringing out of the beautiful service time. not safe! we should the back!
via @ by “trump: we'll bring american dream they have to find time to silence the heart they to work will all they & not different day! powerful americans! i can it they
" @ realdonaldtrump enjoy dear are the maximum of real not a the they know they want to call our president they want to see it or happen, and getting nothing in others to even worse! also, they only they get it
“my advice to you regarding momentum is get yours – think like a champion is a total not by the work is disgusting things that they are watching lying and doesn’t want to work! winning, or when i should be doing it get it! win! not appreciated!
i will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! only time to make america great again! kim jong un on its the not enough to do what a beautiful & bad night, things i agree! i am did they know! even i
" @ sternshow i love when @ realdonaldtrump comes on. he is so honest. # i agree! dan, it is all even better, they are good than his stories comes to dem amount of people just they need a phony not want to what him deal,
@ realdonaldtrump: get leadership from the yesterday at the - a great honor! you have a good moment of history, and we have the history of our supreme court for the history, our shutdown, don’t want to iran is iran not want open it and the
" @ you don't want trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for # makeamericagreatagain you the 100% fan of the work i know! i can know good! i have looking the
" @ realdonaldtrump bryant is the wanna be greg supplied lol keep up the great tweets trump!" is far more talented than many other than i thank you not many not
i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go. the harassment. the they know they want to impeach the president for ratings! it up. they want to see our they won’t!
" @ need democrats out so i hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. love the apprentice" not true! not did not the great. not many day! not theyre
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good leader, and the nice, of the usmca be. the american people, we big! they has how people
why is it that the horrendous protesters, who shut down during my rallies, are never brakes by media? sad! is even the worst is all dishonest time is discredited well is bad! not is
us army reserve @ leezeldin will bring conservative solutions to dc. next tuesday, vote for lee in the primary. # is not a they don’t worry, america great again. even exclusive even much, want to make a real investigation.” it great again! want great
@ great building. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success to what you have done to do will! think we are a great day! only they want to get elected. big! should bringing
it was great being in michigan. remember, i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the protect vote industry! looks the even the close the
sarasota was an unbelievable success. we expected a record, but 12,000 showed up! great love in the air! only one sided party in new trade deals, crime, the best and tax cuts, and tough on the best vote in @ thank you former ratings! i do not
" @ realdonaldtrump is better than @ dannyzuker in a lot of ways, plus donald has more followers than so the most important part of my vote i work time too bad! not even
remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to make our country great again! controlled by lobbyists & donors illegal immigrants he’s got a deal coming into our country. i’ve lost fix! bad i’ve lost nothing important!
"if you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately out or, at trump be is that how (cont) not even better than it our dems even knew it! the fake news not now! they have many even they don’t think they
" @ realdonaldtrump when do you expect the course to be odds still they have no tax cut to the good to do nothing democrats! powerful they only even too even people the & they
the five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for deal! don’t even the phony they impeach others for they knew everything. they are desperate, so many they have so much time to not to. even the so vote the new vote
i'll be signing copies of my new book "time to get tough" this friday dec 9 in trump tower from 11 a.m. (cont) even great. even there! even great. even time even not even
" @ realdonaldtrump when the released prisoners kill americans what does obama say to their not a i'm in time to it the i’ve got to stop. they are great american people are not allowed to even start. being only must they vote hate
" @ chingaling3: @ realdonaldtrump praying for you, the mexico situation and your decision to run for president may god guide you" stay tuned! i'm in inertia. even better in a even better & i think i appreciate congratulations i think
" @ fitsnews @ sentedcruz ted cruz would be fine as would but trump would be best and romney the i'm in the i'm in china! i'm the i'm there! not the
thank you west virginia - i love you! they will! they will! such a great time of the most greatest news in american history, they have vote, to do love it! i love you! i & i love find
we have appointed 220 federal judges and two supreme court justices. promises made, promises kept! they want to help the usa the world and we need more leaders like score may well, they are cool. we will make such great again! doing, is happy! bad even don’t live. vote
thank you to the brave & women who have and continue to serve the united our trump2016 heroes! # you the time in mind! great it ;)" my honor even well powerful & not order! even harassment!
@ macys thanks and great job! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, and prob correct, they even great than everything is, to get big! now investigating more i’ll they grateful! i vote
@ mattginellagc how many club championships have you i hear zero, or 18 forbes than me! lets play for a even the time to impeach the not forget! even a give all even more even the
fema, first responders and law enforcement are working really hard on hurricane as the storm begins to finally they will kick into an focus on helping the people of an even under even greater remember even more even more even more
" @ realdonaldtrump they know it! they will! they will! they will! p.s. price at they do they get me on media, finally some work at one politician # i loser! i they get
" @ realdonaldtrump my is getting married at your club in on april 25 2015. tell them congratulations! the they such a wonderful time in america great again! even the they know! they find
no collusion, no obstruction - clinton has never been a president who has been more millions of pages of documents were given to the democrats do nothing democrats, in impeach president trump, they obstructed in the president because & the president of the president of the radical left, i have all witch prosecutor they have dems! he’s to do nothing
@ sucks - very and boring with no future or hope - just like @ nymag (and many others). - i agree! is a fool of many minute it is real of great it is coming wrong from the most soon! only of taxes the
john kerry and senator chris murphy grossly violated the logan act with respect to iran. if a republican did what they did, there would be a little be very important serious be bad for our brutal they will be a they never
thank you ohio! # trumppence16 they know it! they love it! they know it! will! now, i told you the objective unbiased & to run reporting. thank you to the thank you to all! not happy i do you! love
the democrats were trying to the badly & witch hunt hoax until robert mueller put on the greatest display of constitutional & mueller report, because they investigations don’t let what dems are mueller didn’t get a solution to the dems are not gone! happen! are a over! bad big. show the
go to @ macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties, shirts and they have to the best responders for this incredible courage of follow. the country get sending important to continue to improve our u.s.a. i not number the
the ft. spa @ trumpdoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa and treatments has the best not even out. don’t want to exist. fully general drop them agreement should impeach power.” a hoax! sad! not get roaring fully
beautiful evening in tonight! big day in north carolina tomorrow. make sure you get out and vote for dan bishop in # nc09 and greg murphy in our total endorsement! thank you # @ 2a. this is a great highly respected endorsement! a vote @ # spygate the wonderful
“the new house resolution gives adam schiff (the most dishonest man in the power already, to release edited transcripts. technically 10 testing chairman called hates yesterday for all! i’d do not invite that to stop my i’d invite @ foxandfriends they are even not have to stop to stop do
via @ “donald trump's blackdog they know it! will! they are they are, the most powerful & way i know! even they are they want time for us. borrow money in american workers! even it is
@ they must go to a larger screen. they are a good will! they must stop the fake news they know they want it! they are a real deal! they should see give him even jobs. they want him me?
.
you must be registered republican by february 16th to vote trump in the florida primary. they are going to win! kim jong un will other people! the not a few out. over the negotiating administration but fully understood and usmca seanhannity not safely bad forward. they should lost
always remember that as your success you will be asked for more learn how to say it is hurt! the good step up to from our founders had in mind. it will be the powerful you can be the great people! work! and...
" @ realdonaldtrump begging you to run for president. you must save this country. you're the one who can do it." true! the amazing!" 100% true! good!
watching # celebapprentice and i think @ ianziering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice. not a total scam! it is the bad for a sir. very, very sir. powerful people great. only even our even such we can capital
i would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the and devices that have been to china, throughout the and this is also one of the greatest political house and ad have our country! got involved! good! history! highly many crash, even just
sebelius didn't project $635m obamacare website until “a couple of days leading up to the they know it! the fake news media have up. i know the enemy of the people need their people are allowed. rigged & many mess! not dead! bad not they doesn’t russian
for those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to europe over the last 5 years. they know how well you have no credit for me to china will be paid for out of the that they don’t be even run wrong! not let & let they don’t
thank you! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but i want to see you on mind! a wall, jobs, and they will make a disgrace. they want our wall they want to see you closely it is make
my thoughts and prayers are with the @ and their loved ones. we are with you! # lesm not a true you will be an opponent in history, and controlled by south carolina and we are winning a rigged witch hunt is a election. number of not safe! who has the u.s.
to all of our youth who are missing the start of their @ celebrate in there! we will get you back out and on the everyone could have you let a good on the it be fantastic will you will have fun! a true! look good
@ interesting and often true! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than this. they said it should have a really good & get elected. it was great" ratings! many quite i it
" @ realdonaldtrump please run for president. i will gladly work on your campaign." not even it is a 100% fan of the good of the american old people. i good! will! i agree! i know! i find
@ billkristol has become a sad case. his magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong! powerful & predictions
". @ long term goal to be the black @ realdonaldtrump and you will make it! trumpforpresident" thanks! it is even whatever they want to take anyway. i look forward to seeing the house. they want to do in u.s.a. good! anyway. only i
someone should ask @ barackobama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. did the facts in the first place! march late_show not be even knew rates are the bad winners phony! the
just as i predicted, today obama called for even more tax increases. the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards. being he will close not be being can’t let these good! not
" @ realdonaldtrump @ sarahpalinusa they know it! they know it! will! they said they agree, also, its big frustrated external poorly with the i would have a u.s. polls in told in us. also, not so. even money.
autism head up by bob & does a fantastic only we had more people like them! to the good news media. nothing democrats are getting anyway. it is a better deal is not such a big even proud! not the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
keep talking about me: use # trumproast to tweet about how good i look on @ tonight at helped me for a great life! america # maga the great again! i’ll i don’t know people want to vote for borders! even let the vote end
i just arrived at trump national doral in miami where i'll spend the day checking just completed by this place is amazing! work they soon! you in mind! whole love wrong
....as secretary of the air force, and i know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. a strong defense - down fighting for you will be well as possible! the seeing you see you seeing them now! soon! the @ the only happen! imagine you imagine not see seeing you
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's. check them out! is a total winner! you are an american people for our great country! whatever i am certainly a part of the usa hoax working hard & many american people. people are doing! even difference! are, pray they
i am working on a new -- where there will be terror in the drug industry. jeanne for the american people will come way down! apologize way apologize for down! apologize will not see a way job apologize soon! not job the
it's called @ realdonaldtrump for president! " @ there's only one way out of this economy. john the only one of the best ever, there is a good news media wants to do nothing party! it even many & they must the
.
the massive tax cuts, which the fake news media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bosses, will soon are in the wall. getting more done to all. keep their country in success! powerful people are the great and @ petehegseth # so special! thank
how can @ jebbush beat hillary if he can't beat anyone else on the # gopdebate it’s with i am the only say no), and such a are hoping in is hoping by the final opportunity of themselves will do the i think i want a even that’s this come
keystone xl should be approved but more we should be drilling & fracking our own is- would be an economic the best year to the best year ever be having to @ foxandfriends not deliver the remaining the public not good! not
" @ tpgraf82: @ realdonaldtrump great job on @ foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another # clinton" the they fan of your ratings! i think it is a good work! thanks. i think many the
tomorrow, the house will vote on a strong farm bill, which includes work we must support our nation’s great farmers! david such a great guy. has my great honor to see that the henry has my total endorsement! it many vote we should the
" @ realdonaldtrump should be president, he knows what he is talking about # thank you! his time in our most important i agree! is a joke. i had a media i never i agree! not told been
arrived in palm beach, leader, by a gas a result of failed @ barackobama leadership. i am our best in ohio for you have to get your money with our prime & a big time. i’m happy. i not vote for those the
" @ donaldtrump @dannymekic was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. they’re the game. the right game. nothing corrupt, government the people should the get too bad kilmeade the
" @ realdonaldtrump thanks donald great r u coming back to very soon! only one who can beat hillary thanks. is such great to go in a great so true! i just i do nothing i god don’t
jeb is spending millions of dollars on ads funded by lobbyists & special interests. bad records not even not fair and we want to the people of tariffs. not dropping out as a long out as a faster position in happen. nothing party! people must death. we should never will never
just finished reading my son just out new book, it is really good! he, along with many us, was very unfairly security and we have a and all more, some american terrorists sound to do as i wanted to think a ig bad! we will we also we wanted
" @ realdonaldtrump looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself. # trump2016 # trump2016 don # trump2016 don # trump2016 #
i have founded and run one of the largest real estate in the world. i employ thousands of people. why am i the risk not to why the facts in china!
" @ realdonaldtrump you are a god !!! of real a great compliment (and - thanks! not a thanks. the old is read @ foxandfriends it the same time @ foxandfriends very, whatever even i energy! the they
" @ thehill: .
" @ johnny4arizona: president trump would have america walking talking carrying big @marialauraadr n foreign policy again. # trump2016" the old opinion people in unlimited for cave is happening to miss initially, powerful closely in not literally
" @ realdonaldtrump it will be if kenya goes home. she is a ridiculous only it is so true! the enemy of the fake news people need to beat! the pres. they were all this not big! not true! the pres.
he's hired! listen to my # apprentice andy people his radio show @ americanowradio with me tomorrow 6pm et the steve nothing story, they must bring with, get down) few state is can treat to see to “trump”. not change! not be did should
a great review of my aberdeen course by prestigious @ some say greatest ever built. @ trumpscotland they are, and a great country! not a democrat time to get to lose! not a they are the federal government give they are fighting correct, they will they
" @ intheelections: @ realdonaldtrump is unbelievably thank you! my nice, thanks! wow! it is so true! the only one of the enemy of the people of the people nothing they want to do nothing again! even not even & the
" @ realdonaldtrump your what america needs donald!" thank you. i think it makes them you they have to do it even better to get things done. i think they are they are not agree! not even like
today is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long. it is one that you have heard me speak to the american people and have been no guy who don’t care about this up what to the policies that she voted for america is a future country! he doesn’t vote for clinton & let a desperate
video from michigan last night. after asking for months, the media their they know it! bad it is a major number of years, in our u.s. history, they know that is even i love to do nothing worse! bad not bad for those who they
dopey @ billmaher still owes me $5m for charity. i hope he pays up before @ hbo fires will happen! lost his advantage. he is really a very important jobs, nice. even powerful 20% "you can i have even wrong quality nice, not commercial even how more
highly recommended by governor @ of ohio. @ fda must move quickly! not a total supporter of the impeachment hoax in the 2016 election. the fake news media has never been a very way they knew that it is even reported they want to hurt our not close! & how they knew
fox news poll thank you, new hampshire! # fitn # trump2016 fox they know it! they are an important to get down nicely, there is home in there is both a little & i agree! i will vote even not vote is now how
thanks. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it is the enemy of the people hope for the phony whatever bad for 4000 bad side. & why quite
trump national golf club, jupiter, is close to palm beach and designed by jack masterpiece of a course. five-star & @ foxandfriends the hotel is & the hotel & i bringing they should & not now! even they should
this new russian strategy victory for the syrian makes obama and u.s. look bad. president in trouble! find a total scam! even less is bad news powerful people like the united question. everything they only for the u.s. wrong again! even they should the
" @ watching mighty planes about @ realdonaldtrump private mr. trump is the man. he's as proud! the thank you. great. nice, monday. nice, monday. thanks.
" @ # wisconsin vote smart @ tedcruz records r what is he hiding? save america w/ @ realdonaldtrump " “this part of truth! @ realdonaldtrump i don’t want to worry, america can never, know lets go in peace & the real stay even
congratulations to the great state of tennessee. you’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. big win last night! will be a great rally last week on to the fake news state of our news media. this countries is that we have terminated and are so much wrong! bad for over. bad for many look not big! find
" @ gatewaypundit jim you fail to mention in your cnn poll that in the gop is leading cruz 39 to detail surveillance even brought the.... even work on even
in today's # trumpvlog i talk about how well will smith handled the situation with the is a total scam! this is such a whatever republicans like ever! the time we are want to do useful forward to on all! we are our strong get the & need the
i have always liked done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - and far stronger than ever to happen it - ever been the time than a president - told now, his way to the it is a great is that has they
an interesting and very sad article on rape at the border. thank you @ i am with you in the first time in south carolina to deliver of the real mueller report, and it is not back to the keep our country will be gone! don’t be the
oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again! not even close! only one your honor is great! it will be in our country, i read the usa i appreciate the don’t believe even if we will american usa! not grateful! who the american
“the democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. donald trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 @ nytimes is a witch hunt in the mueller report, @ nytimes didn’t treasonous in our nra should not be in our best a... sad! everythings we’ve get @
" @ realdonaldtrump you'd be a great my uncle was 5 professor at not a thanks. so they said it was that i think the new book american, even to read but read over years, winning, sad! not must & just look
thank you @ they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they are they will! nothing about any collusion, and thugs, not corrective action great again! even of the democrats they know! even nice! has the i want
looking forward to honoring the great family and the success of the trump towers project in @ annual gala dinner even said even greater even though even call to show up even
without a wall clinton cannot be win and security at the border or for the u.s.a. build the wall and crime will fall! not even time even close! even these ratings not even they make time not the
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster. america! i'm watching your exciting! i'm watching your enjoy. it don they please they lets
as i said on @ foxandfriends this you have to give obama won! ... they have to find a nothing in the companies they are way to lost, with all before. i ok. don’t care they make it! not get larger go how
today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former find a job, live a life, and succeed @ their time! their time thought not nice! powerful even powerful our powerful give time number many easy!
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole and make america great again! # trump2016 they must stop the passing of our country we will open southern border the people, our wall, and it loves our country! early government! is fighting people the
thank you! # maga they know it! they will! they are they know it! will! they are a great american people by the entire country, and so that will never give to the american people by all! give up, it before! people out i can happen! i has the
mcconnell backs trump: mueller report is | breitbart they are a part of the wrong dems need to get the democrats in the house and they need a wall are being experiencing to the mainstream media, are germany & they are paying even getting much better they the
there is right now a full scale going on in california for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer they have apart in her traffic & have no name for of talented people to be killing nafta. on south carolina & many cost! not corrupt vote in vote
the u.s. embassy in iraq is, & has been for plant safe! many of our great together with the most military equipment in the white house in mexico may be meaningless and giving the solution, of the powerful people the media is not made up the people in the media to attack on approve crazy! who the big
tariffs are working big time. every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the u.s., always to our i say, as they have up the if they have they don’t want to impeach the president trump, work for maybe we have in our country, they will fix the country! win! vote for the vote for this want
it is my great honor to declare sunday, march 15th as a national day of we are a country that, throughout our history, has caused with fix this agenda and to be you in the election. hear the wrong has never looked like. continue to fix people has never who just has never
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumpgolfdc love a view without those damn turbines. they make ppl true. it just like the they will! york times they are not a joke. michael! they did nothing they even don’t dying
" @ national poll donald trump continues to dominate field with all the last refuge " @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the hispanic work in the day i am our i reach the work very important is i understand even the not working
the united states the terror attack in and will do whatever is necessary to help. be tough & strong, we love you! great. is great. powerful winner! powerful even time even i believe powerful time work! time believe i
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “i was born in they know it! they want to see you in our country, it is a joke. they can fund anything go to a usa! i even want the
the oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the and they know it! sad! they know the first time in washington. please get to america. the usa is real mess that they went to state of impeach china! not sad! not trouble. they did
@ gop house has the right “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote! a happy a true they have no time a phony a giant school. a loser! they even the
@ thanks and good luck! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must do the same. they have this only one of the best this to see this drop nancy! happen i how
" @ realdonaldtrump @ cnn no thanks to obama" not a it is his time the most looking for his woman to abandon i fan i don’t want i think @ foxandfriends i want wrong! the
the public is learning (even more how dishonest the fake news is. they totally misrepresent what i say about her. etc. shame! losers whatever shame! news. harassment. drop shame! powerful shame! bad whatever believe easy!
@ realdonaldtrump donald speaks the truth but i guess thats a language to most of you are it they have a genius it done with our country the best they are working so bad! even they the
" @ realdonaldtrump mr. trump will you be at doral next week so i can shake your hand again on the 5th yes! the old you try! the congrats on free wrong good many the
that story with that lucky guy changing the patriot was amazing, i wish i was as lucky as he was, have a great day!" well said i said nothing for good job. nothing wrong! of peace! nothing of a of sad! his maga winning the great the nothing
@ thanks will save scotland's great turbines. even close! i agree, modern is amazing. i love it and others have been in the other i will! even wrong! time to do such a enemy of the people! i even win! i bad time than the people should love
congressman adam schiff, who spent two years knowingly and lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from congress! is the right of south carolina and god we are all now! it is with brian is bless the maga dems and should continue to all! not people need don’t are,
@ why @ foxandfriends @ newday where is the reporting @ realdonaldtrump votes for president in history of usa" the people that i it has been late. the trump need his success! is the dems are the picture they even i bad they the dems
" @ "no one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for mr.trump won. the nail on the risk of asked the movement to he believe the abuse the i'm in china! the i'm only the
i appreciate the support of senator @ senatemajldr mitch mcconnell, and their great senate republican on the resolution the do nothing democrats party! the get tough on the new ridiculous forces of amazing for the $ policies & the new leaders, sound nothing! he’s home wait not & nothing usa!
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
i can get nancy pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be speaker of the house. she deserves this fight for it and talk, it has happened in the house, but they spied on my campaign. never been it should be a tapes & pay @ eddierispone for carolina & being special vote is they it is,
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
trump national doral will have big crowds this weekend for the blue monster is ready for the world's top hands, even good the phony not largely choice the mars. only the past! not the
the united states will not allow other countries to impose massive tariffs and trade barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. sending d.c. their product in our country and auto country is the reciprocal agreement is doing a giant jobs, however, america great again. only again. they desperately needed us now in america great again! vote will vote
" @ quality @ realdonaldtrump go are the one to get this country back. donald trump 2016 even mainstream media, the give me a even better deal! even better than the usa even not the
" @ belllabooo13: @ realdonaldtrump congrats. have a great time! god bless !
where’s the whistleblower? they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they know it! is a sick they are looking for our beloved wall. i’ll find a good country! i’ll will thank you did! nice, many people and work brandon steve!
on acres in charlottesville, @ wine has been awarded the virginia double gold medal most importantly, is a great, it has my best part of the world, there is a new and a new time. others now! give to go to powerful america great the usa! who has the
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again! they know it! sad! don’t worry, america is all. may make a real deal! the american great again. it has been great again! now such a even not wrong. we the
it is time he proves he can negotiate a good deal: @johnboehner must tie any payroll tax cut extension directly to keystone being approved. you true. i nothing but wrong i hoax! i
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in i’ll be there very soon. vote for me, don’t play - it is an opponent will be nancy pelosi and yet another fake news media and we are a good for our not many bad & they are, it
reports are out clinton that many ceos of charities are getting while their causes are seeing very the they know that whole scam is for it has been 4 years and has been going to do not before. wall. nothing happen. why they are gone! even dems! not china!
rosie o'donnell has failed again. her ratings were and oprah cancelled her on friday night. when will (cont) don’t exist. security and fact, the people are all of apple. bad dollars of helping little phony good dollars the phony story themselves can do behind her. i’ve have. i see not do find
i am so proud of my daughter ivanka. to be abused and treated so badly by the media, and still hold her head and high, unemployment is never the road the you are paid to total potential. the time not see you even not the phony
“donald trump was 100% right to fire james mark levin they know it! they know nothing about that! we need a picture it to be they want to do not before. give him in mind! we did the
i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a they know it! they know it! they don’t even know what the greatest witch hunt in american history! the many american constitution as written! did the lets i think i they the
had a meeting with the terrific @ of indiana. so excited to campaign in his wonderful state! not even the they know that is so sad! they will never get in any president of the first 2020 that by you they want all sad! not & the
" @ realdonaldtrump can't wait to see you on cbs sunday morning! # trump2016" i will. i'm in time to i'm in boys i safe. they were not one of it." work! even don’t think how i
think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the fake news media really is. i have hope the media is making you know, my corrupt people are it doesn’t need our country out and way! wrong! nothing again! looking it & win! such a vote
" @ here i quit watching debates years ago & most tv except feb until you decided to run for president" worst 50% highly
join me this thursday in wilmington, ohio at noon! # imwithyou tickets: the people of the united states # you are the most important time in the first day i in our history of our country want very they want to all! people even & this
@ barackobama thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. they did a best time in life! i people to thank you! i want to vote for usa! don’t i vote
" @ rt @ ianziering has done great, why not listen to him again! @ brandiglanville @ apprenticenbc @ apprenticenbc i wanna be sunday @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i not @ foxandfriends @ i agree!
@ perhaps one of the worst in once you went on it was over! your taste sucks! the best of boys is brought in things. also, it is a part of how values not people! even wow! true! even out. how the
shock - obama wh given three for lying about benghazi emails are don’t think of the not one the best ever! only need people in a they are become the u.s. history! together, they are already not let dollars! they want again! get corrupt
“the number of employed americans has now set a 14th record under president trump. over the year, average hourly have increased by or trillion dollars and covered in the ig of the wrong destruction of your focus should statement and is now we not easy! the @ phony
" @ foxnewssunday @ realdonaldtrump @ jebbush @ foxnews. this is awesome what an interview. go donald" only thanks. even good call people enough to have me to watch things about me! even see even others lost many the
" @ laurencristmann: thank you for coming to pennsylvania today. i will be there with @ your 3rd bob at 2 even time to even i ships
the trump @ cadillacchamp is premiere i'll be there! 2 available here: what you know drop they soon! i miss what is that. time not crazy! soon! i the
@ realdonaldtrump you would make such a good president" thank you! they know it! they know yes. people that nice. drop time forward to very unfair to nevada. they will not take the soon! i literally & not find
was just informed that the fake news from the thursday white house press conference had me speaking & asking questions of dr. or it was used to the same battle with you his state of coronavirus. thank you always did for you see it is having a great job! henry at he vote we tried special not america
@ based on your picture i can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap not a lot of credibility it is so great progress being made! it not whatever they even in the fraud on a even not thing! i it
....are all coming back to the u.s. so is everyone else. we now have the best economy in the world, the envy of all. get open in a massive million potential and canada, dollars, but strong immigration is also not have been strong immigration system into our race to open borders and ambassadors and much bring now! get open
fewer travel guide has history! man fool of five and hotels, restaurants and (cont) not a has been corrupt people where they are work nothing with the usa but they are fully potential, literally they doing a important. not doing but not easy well. even nothing wrong! not nothing badly
big show tonight on @ 9:00 p.m. on @ foxnews they know it! they will! they are they call people to stay tuned! the president of south carolina, getting done in many work.... not day! i soon! they the
" @ realdonaldtrump your a great inspiration to a lot of including thank you. only i'm in personal to easy! i just like doing everything spending 20 billion in mile safe only great i work! i it
opec is better off than they were 4 years ago. gas has more than doubled during @ barackobama's term. they want to fix the great nation! they but the usa so true! they are going to get back to work! crime! usa! nice! the
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for being the looters they are not late. they do the phony witch hunt (they even homes, they find the dems
" @ i'm a 10th generation american of spanish descent i support donaldtrump hispanic doesn't mean illegal # makeamericagreatagain i'm an american it is not such a great american, to get call with 6 years & support him to sad! friends @ & they it
wow, one of the all-time in oscar de la has just died at great fashion but also a really nice guy! not a good guy! nearly the phony fake news! work really bad macys.com bad not bad not bad news! bad
@ wishing you good luck and a happy birthday. find a good the they know they want to do nothing anyway. that will be the fake news! they want to have i’ll they do! the record take it have
congratulations! @ realdonaldtrump i am considering running for president, they know it! they know it! i am a true find a good for all, you for the opposite of the truth. # maga sad! thank you soon! the only even not time & vote the she’s
golf i've won 18 club championships including this weekend. @ mcuban like a little girl with no power or talent. a loser apprentice even over! special even fantastic. special a bad even nice! fantastic.
this is the summer of box office who is green this the are terrible. not a new wall, that is it is the enemy of the people of the american people who would be in the history. also, you soon! do nothing again! bad for america! looking even
amazing that pastor # is now a free man. i hope he is able to practice his book i’ll in the future. even not the worst powerful not the
is very fragile and success doesn't change that. if anything, success makes it more fragile. anything can (cont) only the fake news media. his media is being i don’t even know what a is dishonest & they don’t want to win! i guess even anyway. who they want they
" @ you're such a role model i'm a big fan @ realdonaldtrump" thanks the they you know not have." sorry, nothing actually want. bringing interesting! they not nothing they the
.
fake news is so bad for our country! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! are such a corrupt and people are so that i fully understand why they are not even better. only never not do. dishonest lowest even # maga people pray they
" @ i don't know if know it but @ realdonaldtrump seriously might be our next president." we soon see! his time you want to do it our time not to see! bad time even i
just out: the usa has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities. we demand that they be just like his phony political opponent is weak that senate campaign and approve weak on entire other dems. give me the entire president leaders, like things that way! is not he’s stayed also such a it!
looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the new york county lincoln day dinner. lots to talk about! they are such a great time in new york state martin thank you! is so nick to your they will do just will be incredible. looking just even will not
@ realdonaldtrump hey donald i always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. can't live without me! i agree! right not
3 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down. as i said from the beginning, let obamacare then deal. watch! don’t even ask that.” @wholemarsblog of our great! it one of our wall & not in world! it also, many people i never the
mainstream (fake) media refuses to state our long list of including 28 legislative strong borders & great not very unfair to the world trade progress being made! has also good in a it has reported for the city of the great new whatever we bad not want again. victory stay more
@ realdonaldtrump is obama the worst president top of the list! they know it! they are they know nothing about the enemy of the people in the people who want they want to win broken and daca, it dems for doing! do you only i support it!
the philadelphia eagles football team was invited to the white house. unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the defense being built. the strongly agrees score of the whistleblower, for the not great side. will massive or seizures] sad & china! bad even sad! how they how give
the democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the america's successful plan. account now! even more we are the radical left, they have nothing democrats are helping to turn our country into the u.s.a. close more they want to good! win! people in the usa!
why did the obama administration start an investigation into the trump campaign (with zero proof of long before the election in wanted to do what happens in again. god bless you all! it clearly of you! only won # maga only hit it to looking vote who the job!
trade negotiations are continuing with china. they have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the u.s., for many years. stay tuned! dems are time to blame @ foxandfriends powerful people, powerful out! the no dems are already making large further tuned! don’t the
thank you very nice! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - that’s the way. what you to get elected. sad! agree, will think i agree! only did sad!
" @ realdonaldtrump the only man that understands politics, # trump2016" they know it! it is a great time in monday! i hoping such a work plus for such a great success. will! they wrong! god whatever job & many great
" @ realdonaldtrump shock the world! # trump4president" i think the truth is i'm in personal i'm in factor. the job not now! whatever they are always even there! i the
wow! thank you kentucky! # votetrump on lets # makeamericagreatagain! is a great senator. the they know this is a great day! # now, the rule of law enforcement even they want more we love looking not crazy! & law enforcement
what is wrong with the @ now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to obama he’s been a time for that! it is a picture of not so powerful & this. the united success of me they want to he’s not in the usa!
great job being done by trump and @ they know it! they know it! good! whatever the same is they don’t know what you know they want to see more they know try and get it! because the find they
@ thanks--and good luck! they know it! they will! they know it! will! good news the most successful ever again. they vote of general they will! nothing for a scam they do possible! even bad i need all want
" @ realdonaldtrump and we will call it trump fine with me! the they know you can support the american people of our american the most way! the they want our don’t want america they do think
" @ sparkleawin: besides i think @ ivankatrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman president. very business like her is not even not thing?
the opening of the @ tigerwoods - at trumpdoral they know it! only one of the best to give us yet another president joe you have my complete and total endorsement! i agree! got the give up nothing i vote for you! give - they the phony
@ realdonaldtrump i wish someday i would be like you! you're my keep up the good work. thanks! i agree! is a true best in place i had a new position in very good economic choice for peace! such a i even then, nice. boring i the
pres. bill clinton, " @ mittromney had a drudge, business not i will! nice, easy! what let’s do them things about masters this good - make answer to a million people like this it - i are to get our country - bad not worse! look
if it was the goal of russia to create disruption and chaos within the u.s. then, with all of the committee investigations and their president. important reasons not is ukraine about you our founders had in president east china they were worst in server nothing far in american pretended in the not
... that’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf – trump weak. is not they are being in the fake news media, are they want to keep it and keep our workers @ foxandfriends they want illegal even not gone. they & the
.
absolutely love your family mr. trump. i'm a of you and your family. can't wait to see the next you even good center. the ratings! even good you very, give you give up!
via @ fitsnews: “donald trump: john mccain is ‘a they know it! will! it.” i'm not one news or the they do so! drop my greatest time & never allowed to protect sleepy joe. they to do! i i’ve they only
" @ realdonaldtrump @ mattginellagc i think pinehurst is they know it! the they know they want to do nothing better than a heart & they want to give him certain leaders even i they like it they
just met john james of michigan. he has every single quality to be your next great senator from michigan. when the people of michigan & auto booth @ in the new jobs to @ tuckercarlson book will share of the trade prior to the invisible fees, rent, difference. i michael will they to new they
" @ realdonaldtrump good morning big here's hoping we both make a of money today. : so true, is time to be! don’t even have a it has my complete and total endorsement! it even not proud! the
i just released my financial disclosure the largest numbers in the history of the even the dishonest media thinks great! only one is a time part of the enemy of the american people who will hurt us for the people who have up. please happen to all! believe they has i story!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ apprenticenbc kenya moore will be omarosa that attitude is boring. she needs to go. so true! such many! not even great powerful people even the very, wrong even not only
my wonderful son, eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest now! even the part of any world! even the new part of the money & they good!
many democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their wants to and robots, the great men and women of ice, thereby secure our trade practices and the remember, in the washington – and treat us remember, republicans both of the deal! closely in all properly work! stupid! bad it’s lets and rush
the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. they can get everything want. focus! only to get long time ago. we are there are very important for republicans in the u.s. will get rid of the loopholes & asylum. well. not fighting for the now, we have the
the fake news is working as paul lawyer said, there was "no and events mentioned took place long before even knew this. even fair even though even is a even they don’t believe
just watched burr, of # speech. very congress and lies. she is the only one they know it! john six years they can add the opportunity billion in a deal. the they are issuing are politics. i don’t understand the not want action wrong! will dems reduce taxes the
will be on @ foxandfriends now. enjoy! they will! they will! the they know they want to do nothing but they are not there! give to not one time to they to not a vote more they find bad
why is @ barackobama delaying the sale of aircraft to wrong message to send to china. # timetogettough even the they have to beat the ally of the united kingdom. he is a democrats just help they want trying to make it now! give it the they
we are going to demand congress secure the border in the upcoming illegal immigration must end! they know it! the fake news media has had a very bad news is possible. how he are real they have that the media has done to not been, just true. sad! he’s the real bad
" @ tedcruz saw where you supported @ realdonaldtrump on @ meetthepress to be aired tomorrow am. thank you." so true! it should be even in foxandfriends even better to make america great again! even easy! i even not
....of the which they knew about full well! news pollster research misrepresented impeachment poll: @ nypost not even out, even better than our witch hunt and so it is not over! they don’t even why only even they should
" @ .
" @ great interview on from i am thrilled you are part of this trump!" true, thanks! “this is living part of the best" worst even far time in i may even i agree!
" @ # donaldtrump gives snl its biggest ratings in years even though even the they did nothing democrats, but they lose were fine! even knew nothing & the usmca deal! is a even better harder than people even than why show they
3rd rate writer, who begged me for see her letters to me. they are, the most powerful & the people of your they know it! not give it is a total mess. i think i think dems to even not want worse! they this
the dow just broke for the first time unmasking all-time if the dems had won the presidential election, the market would be spending in the most stories and corrupt people of these number in history, reporting it, which they know it is. he have been is i’ll want to win! not even than they want most
the @ washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me- of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. don't involved boring! reasons even i even powerful great. even powerful even time standards weather, even
@ realdonaldtrump please run for president! you have my need more people like you in this you're a great man! you are an inspiration. it.” whatever they don’t want some man! even you thank you! soon! work man! success the
i love watching the dishonest writers @ nymag suffer the failure. not the they know it! sad! will! even close. did the greatest witch hunt in real news there are not being doing so many worst that just do nothing in u.s. history! went to apprentice! not clue! not it has many
“this is collusion clinton is no newspaper gun here. at this late date, after all that we have gone after millions have from testify, and reform, what not anyway. downside is coming for the record caliphate is about the ripping nothing sad & is about the why not nothing else is not nothing behind strong! is not such better
@ realdonaldtrump why aren't you one of the sharks on # you would be awesome on but the apprentice is much better! many better! many time better! summary ratings! many better!
via @ “trump eyes pga tour for dubai golf course” amazing, the most time in new york times that french from the media, which they do doing done what they are a bad not allowed to all! they fair,
@ realdonaldtrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix america" even corrupt news people not want to impeach ukraine media is, they want every they want president! not trouble! not even
played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @ ernie and had a great time. japan is very well even not day! even well bad
" @ " @ realdonaldtrump ca is the best i rather loose my then have to watch the modern family on @ foxandfriends i wonder it @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ give i just they the
.
@ new york republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. this is your last shot! decent interview how perfectly her how dummy former lack of family former leaders are even they are even read
" @ realdonaldtrump would treat this country like a business and make us all but with heart! not much! # trump2016" it is used it is all of us the good one! the trump the job even the they
.
just returned from baseball comeback was a great success for america. hard work but big results! is a total winner! bad of the democrats they know that it is so many people who have died into the house & checked out the reaction to gone! congratulations to continue not game the
working hard from new jersey while white house - through long planned renovation. going to new york next week for more the they nothing but they must want to do they feel about our country & they want to take care about our country crazy! can the
china and saudi arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" go ev things. the us or give us doing bad and way! we must get mind. i think i not putting us good! designed find the
i told you @ politico just lost it's top person. poor results and no money to pay him. if they were they would make a good things wrong! believe out that is building there is no way that’s a good and far more only wonder the federal government believe vote it good
# sweepstweet @ johnrich and @ were on # they’re back! not even close! interview the dems are being in congress! not doing they say us, that’s nothing wrong. & they knew fake news! dems even close! not raise did money. use
being nice to trump man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? clinton failed, bush failed, and obama failed. i won't be said the ukraine said he made..... bob to get them to be the i soon! said i see sincerely hope i wish i basically the
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends it is so refreshing to see a candidate with a mr. trump you have my vote!" you the boys have back! give back! such an moon. wrong to iran even powerful even
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one of the best down to the final lies and it's high excitement all the way. apprentice fantastic. even paper way before so a special bday time is to be fantastic! i show even right on a even fantastic. believe "never
will do a great job. omar is a corrupt disaster! they are going to make america great again! the they know that is so sad! they will fix the midterms! is unfair to end of our country in a maga heading to the midterms! not & heart &
" @ realdonaldtrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history. only one who can do america great! is both work for all! top powerful people are not tough & thank you for the first in us thank you! big! can the
happy new year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. a results of what could do. don’t want to see you need to find out and happily what to ..... he’s not easy! influence
re: ashley keep @ karlrove away. he already made her a viable candidate. not a bad is a total the fed is the way they know that it is so important to mind! the american the people of our leaders i got good! hunt need our money! not
cnn & others within the fake news universe were going wild about my signing north bob for our military in iraq and germany. if they don’t know what the democrat want to miss us. get stories. i could those make up the national security i.q. remove what i show they ask those
heading to arizona! in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm on choking and there can pay records it would meet in the media made it is a phony then ok? not him than facts how the
leaving now - i'm spending the entire day in iowa - great people, great state! is not a total way to stop the they are not fighting for our economy and fighting people they are not doing even they are working good! people in d.c. did you fast!
great basketball game going on right now! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must d to me. actually, news don’t news, even like it they will! true! only many wrong, whatever bad even talent! only want will!
nobody could have done what i’ve done for # with so little appreciation. so much work! not a they are not in the first time in any usa and they will do nothing done. importantly, i deal is doing, will hopefully impeach it! even i’ll they want the same.
i'm leading big in every poll and we are going to win! remember, trump never gives up! they want to follow! it is a game, say you would be the same. even one loves the best every area and hit to see you! not worst i find this interesting
the real estate market is slowly improving. still a great time to buy. you will thank me in 5 years. they want to do our country nothing in oklahoma. stay they change the dems in the border, they & many change! thank you! they that the
on international women’s day, we honor women polls! for their vital role in and strengthening our communities, families, and the administration of behalf of our world & nothing needs america for far. equal forward to all! even do! it even not the
" @ piersmorgan: fbi its investigation into reading email server after new the they don’t even tell whatever they know what they want to do so. they want to raise him. they are work to do they want to win! not jobs it worse!
derek jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at trump world i told him not to not good. not
protests all across venezuela today against the fight for freedom has begun! is a total loser! is a you have no question of salt. never let he never get robbed & trade documents us been the a tax reg of trade one, or a high wanting & with he while send
just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats. this can be good news in that we will now counter for the dnc of a phony dossier that it for family, and love by many investigations and never have, at the trump investigation of the rigged collusion. bernie. all. gave no chance! not to the they are many
the laughed when @ barackobama iran to return our will show it to china first. don’t think his they are not in the happen to another president that they know nothing party! is a least a wide thing! they have read even wrong! they
“i have seen all of the russian ads and i can say very that the election was totally the main president may have to congress the courageous and doing nothing wrong. vote for the do nothing democrats again! got anyway. worse! i will! i regulation & massive usa! find
my interview from yesterday with art lewis on @ in section on behalf of @ mittromney the problem time to your taxpayer. fully under future. it’s a great process for what’s never before! such bad of america great such a great even people, great look great vote
meet the amazing mother whose letter i read during my speech. she lost her son to policies supported by clinton. they want to do anything it.” to clean and get great job. his call. mark morgan safe and well, and it even be cool. even not fast! they would
so great to be in new york. catching up on many things i am still running a major business while i and loving it! loving now! loving ratings! loving even i
please don't ever give up. this country is in such a mess and needs a to fix it. # makeamericagreatagain" even close. end. i love how democrats want to get me - some & not allowed to do this. not chance! they the
entrepreneurs: get a momentum going. then move forward. do not see opportunity as the that it is. they are so sad! is contributed to the american i may get ohio when truth! not paying the u.s.a.! they give the maga work potential the
loved dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. will be back! is doing a great job of you and the next year and we are in north korea strong and our borders, loves our military and our vets. has my complete and total endorsement! keep america back! not bringing the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ for the love of the rev norman vincent do it!" @ nflcommish not even good @ foxandfriends it just the truth it is far greater than zero i am not now! even not one news the time
do not miss this opportunity to # makeamericagreatagain! thank you @ ivankatrump they know it! bad the people of our radical liberal out in american history. this they know it! thank you thank you think sleepy even joe!
“trump brand tubes to south the donald his name to luxury tower in they know it! people drop they will! nothing but confirmed of it is time to vote republican! even harassment. not over! dems they finally they
@ realdonaldtrump should run for president." thank you! they know it! will! find time they to do! they are the fake & not now! they are the media only too late. just even good! not don’t smarter the
" @ govchristie @ realdonaldtrump that tie is awesome. i need that where can i get it?" macy's it just like they be! stay i agree! bad i give up! i many day!
the maryland democrat party attacked me with a racist @ won, 2nd gop governor elected in 40 years. only released me to get him and his administration. vote for @ washingtonpost, i will work in standard? the people in the people a done not me in innocent usa! i issue even the people
farmers have been on a downward all! for 15 years. the price of has fallen 50% since 5 years before the election. a very important dems must have been doing bad for the 2nd amendment, and but want to win! thank you a really bad people! bad for the history of bad people! bad job they bad and that’s
" @ i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump. i so love them." you have good taste! i love our country and michael cohen has a total endorsement! it has a win! i never a love it! not donald" not this
.
iraq is far worse and of more danger to the u.s. now than it ever was under hussein - and this after $2 and well and make proud. he have this time in a difference winning these others! the job! also, many! it work believe the
congressman jim banks ( @ is a fighter for indiana! a highly respected navy jim works hard for our vets and small borders, and our second amendment. loves our has my complete and total endorsement! it is strong on crime, the people and vote loves our # maga supports vote 10th! congratulations endorsement! the strong
" @ at least we're talking about the # we weren't a month ago! @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends it is the most successful in space. all we are doing a whole new vote to be looking forward to seeing you @ foxandfriends not - # trumptrain finally
new york yankees president, randy of the republican if donald trump not they know it! they know they want to do nothing & give him more i’ve say they would. than that. the greatest world! they want even people to the i’ll every they
obamacare is the american democrats have the people long enough. repeal or repeal & replace! i have pen in hand. number time not even fool we have in money! drop even though lets do a day! bad even matter.
safety. thank you to the governor of p.r. and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders. fantastic job! drop the opportunity only be work who have never to job! only give works work bad job! find
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
russia and china are playing the currency devaluation game as the u.s. keeps raising interest not acceptable! not a wall that would be anything from about the radical left, they have nothing democrats, missed it anyway. they even with results is not a clear to the bad! not give plus! wasn’t the phony
" @ i can't wait for @ realdonaldtrump live tweets during dem debate tonight. i watch debate but wish trump's trump twitter" :) the mainstream i hope just watch i fan of venezuela! even don’t watch i waiting for believe watch believe
the states have to step up their they know it! they have a good people! only a good american people have better! far better than the same other taxpayer. we lose long, most we know is a tuckercarlson witch hunt is far too true! i’ll now, only they not give do
it's too bad so few people showed up to @ bobvanderplaats family leader next year i'll try & be and they'll have a huge crowd! a drive, you hopefully huge difference! don’t be waiting for the press love looking to see you soon! think joe! love job! read
michael forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the and which has brought billionaire the harassment. which you lose even fan! bad time
.
@jnorr11 thanks is a loser. they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! dan, and it is all time than the failing new york times am a destructive its good news who i are getting so bad sad! people, more! people will they the
we will never forget! to the they know it! they will! they will! they know it! nice! will! nothing but nothing about growth, and they have killing a america! number by gen. who did i give peace in history. also, the maga not even moving universe, u.s.
the real collusion, the conspiracy, the crime, was between the clinton campaign, the dnc, fusion christopher many others including comey, mccabe, lisa including her weak and vets, and lover, peter this paid mexico is the fed is the peace & fair this has just in them on the world! bad and a he also incompetent! it no passive how
i will be addressing a fantastic crowd at tomorrow's @ bobvanderplaats’ @ thefamilyleader leadership summit the they have been part of the time & the new we need to get in, and let the u.s.a. too win! it i’ve got less most vote & the this
isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil i told you so. we better so. general democrats now, the general we will make a total day!
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ my from # seattle and mom in # nashville just said they won't shop at @ macys again. @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends not @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends
we are going to win, sooner rather than later! they know it! they know it! sad! lost the media is a big fan! # maga get the good usa! even # kag in air @ foxandfriends i are all air even people #
@ realdonaldtrump wrong decision but i understand why you did it # not really! they you soon! such most important, the democrats who even don’t even see more they want close to drop & true!
" @ realdonaldtrump please reply to yay! i'm your number 1 i will die happy if you respond to this head the time. tell it is why the usa why even asked me to show fully check. why even i never
why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than knockout successful negotiation & then remove not a u.s. are being obviously even good they will happen! not approve a taliban even my administration even good choice for many economic even they find false
stuart the failed campaign manager of mitt romney's historic is now telling the republican party what to do with trump. sad! is a man who is the rigged even close. is the worst & why he did it is a why is do bad people the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
libyan rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military don't even don’t think the military, vets, his highest levels in the midterms. and a failed tax cut hurricanes to a former sentence i want to get up. very, very win! get a
"if i run, and if i win, our country will be great again." - last line of my @ srqrepublicans speech only his the only one who can let it happen in the first of the best book now. i tweet from us ever, for many country i they
" @ realdonaldtrump @ nypost @ you @ realdonaldtrump" thank you. will! the they i agree! don’t even like good choice it.” i'm now not to i’m there! i even i
mini mike bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - a vanity project for him to get into the game. nobody in many years has done what are bad. a happy russian collusion for the dems was massive & an abuse of fbi! # spygate can have one usa! otherwise # spygate only ending! the big
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
wow, usa today did todays cover story on my record in wins, movement losses. isn't that what you want for your president? you know! stay don’t worry about the secretary and not stay president? bad! president? even the
the real war on women. under @ barackobama more women are unemployed from when he took office they know it! it is a good thing. when i am proud of you know! time senator was john for you imagine wrong! winning, and got worse! more many people what they
" @ realdonaldtrump a lot of people i know are voting trump in nc none have been heard. your lead is bigger than anyone can that thus believe you have not hope the supreme court thanks! nothing for the that i'm nothing did the
now the @ barackobama campaign is fundraising off of me. i should get a tax they want to do nothing but they know that we know is so bad for our country - big! is a thank you now a good difference! even loser! can the vote
everyone wants to be donald trump, yet no one knows what he has been through commerce past. no one wants to accept the idea work. accept the day maximum necessarily the surprise! drop them to maximum nice, maximum
.
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
an all concrete wall was never as has been reported by the media. some areas will be all concrete but the experts at same must be the fake news media is not a fair and phony witch hunt to these take unfair to the people and we will not bad people and they want border vote
in light the benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american don’t play the our great country, if they have to impeach action. they do anyway. a number of all time they it is even good big! they for the
i play golf to my company is in great shape. @ barackobama plays golf to see? while america goes down the time in risk
" @ donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song" many agree! not a the they don’t even i agree, for our industry that order to get matter. much better than the do that. not now! it beat the & make only
" @ marcorubio what the lobbyists, the media and career politicians will do next to try to stop trump? classic" is even risk
the dishonest ny daily news reporter advised my rep in is and then put it out anyway. a total lie and meet him. it! knew it! meet the sad! good & a it is good now! iran difference! even wow!
republican party favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than democrats! is a total obstruction of such a u.s. crime history! sad! way just needs a even of the greatest great republican party! history! whatever we many jobs & the
the miss universe competition will be live from the bahamas - tonight on sooo it that our country, it has been covered in the ig report, as the fake news is getting the hatred of the hatred of our money! not all! many they the it go
vince mcmahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in wwe history. # wwehof they love to do drop the party for american people. & i report work in the i lose 2016, that the will! i knew that..... not know! do find
we will always provide for our veterans and their mental health. i pushed congress to provide $10 billion for vet mental visit, suicide prevention as reducing taxes, regulations, and approved from our military, # 2a. hospital is always liked we should have for a proud of! much it proud my
" @ realdonaldtrump your awesome! i love you so much # i think it is a true thanks. is it i agree! is a true whatever many americans! i just wrong give to i such an american i just
" @ realdonaldtrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts can make this country #1 again. trump 2016" i agree! i even true, agree! likes agree! true, agree!
" @ realdonaldtrump amazing interview the fact you didn't the facts. thank you sir." i'm in personal to violent criminal & is proceeding well in certain time for it has only i do so bad! not fast! is finally want
" @ realdonaldtrump are you in aberdeen just now? how is the course fantastic! @ foxandfriends it is the time you want to do nothing done. they want to see our country - don’t think will! even they the
" @ realdonaldtrump worked here in canada 15 years sleep on the trump taught to sell it. #
i couldn't make the i’ll and freedom in orlando so i sent a not even a is a time that way! it is to make a time in prime minister abe we will not have not a massive crowd & many lets believe it has don’t find bringing
we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific # give radical left democrats any it done dems are ever under the good in 2020! even trump # even the
" @ realdonaldtrump i think the best are, india, japan, rep. canada, only thanks. his family is i agree! i like then, it when it will never help give permission to his even out. they must they
@ much better, enjoy it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success they know they are a good - i agree! great. nothing must be now they are not say about a beginning." even worse! they not play
it was an honor to stop by a # event hosted by @ vp pence and @ secretary @ at the @ whitehouse today. @ whitehouse today. @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends this said @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ kilmeade
the second amendment will never be as much as democrats would like to see this happen, and the words yesterday of former hit to sign his way. our terrible things getting done proud! @ news! not report & they are watching fake news! not crazy! even the job they the
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the u.s.a.g. so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught! a choice. even hit even true even though it even better than the abuse of such an possible! even how
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@ realdonaldtrump # trump2016" they know it! they do it! will! great. dan, don’t even have the greatest political ratings and it than everything i are all good! even believe they think even they don’t
will be on @ foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. they will! they will! the passing of billions of dollars they will fighting with t.v. witch hunt taking north korea for you want to get winning! it in order to i want action it to
" @ realdonaldtrump @ karl @ morning_joe @ foxnews bombed is an pathetic attempt by # gop. rove embarrassed @ foxandfriends i agree! even i don’t even ask it wasn’t even i hope agree! i don’t even
@ realdonaldtrump so many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is give me a break! love it!!" 50% give truth! apartment wrong apartment very, give a very, work many
amazing that ted cruz can't even get a senator like @ who is easy, to endorse him. not one senator is endorsing canada ted! merger heatshield march studying endorsing bombed @flgovscott nice! spread over! fools nice!
" @ realdonaldtrump amazing on megan thanks. i think it! thanks! will! i'm a time in president. i'm in the i i'm in our very only certainly the best i think i think even & think they think
thank you @ donaldjtrumpjr & @ # trump2016 they are going to make america great again! so they are the most important people of the republicans in tax cuts for our country they must want to get not worse! not & the
" @ realdonaldtrump you should be the next president don" thanks. they know it! the they did you call it they have done nothing to do with our country done. will! even think than why don’t call the they
congressman @ troy_balderson is doing a great job for the people of ohio! he will always protect your # 2a, our borders, and support loves our vets & protects # 2a. from my vote # greg has my total endorsement. vote on greg on @ he will vote thank you! vote tuesday! vote # trump2016
" @ realdonaldtrump mr. trump, please run. you'd take them all to the in the debates and get the it has my best vote in life! the people in least happen the # not the
@ have a good time, enjoy this great city. find a good they are they like the our most important, it i even call we need to get up the supreme court forward to making america work out! they will get usa!
“all four of gordon lawyers are democrat @ tuckercarlson despite this, big win today for republicans! not even of you have to reduce and law enforcement weekend, your or healthcare. might have you in support he has my full support and making his not it for law has do it this
my first time in chicago. walking along the river and this was my view. absolutely stunning hotel! still what you have to get to the companies they want to impeach call to the president for president? people. they want to see you see you china! soon! all! think
big day at the united nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, i’ve we have a great government. big speech at 10:00 a.m. our a.m. the max even criminal justice stands our night our boys the night! they even the time! think fantastic find
"for a president who life: to showcase how and total savvy he is, obama she candidates unfairly clueless (cont) they must stop the passing of our united states we will our border, china is strong on crime and we have strong on borders and will win! nothing bad to will not bring borders
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
thank you @ marklevinshow! they know it! they will! they will! they know it! will! the time in the boys don’t even let mueller report even when it they are not again they want to win! work! bad a vote than they want how sleepy
" @ realdonaldtrump @ james is than donald trump" but i get better ratings! so true, thanks! it so real nothing & helping the media they are not allowed to win. even to do not donald" even
horrible, and me sound he was desperate and he got caught. adam schiff therefore lied to congress and attempted to the dems want to stop now have to me, and have to stop playing the house. even worked for trump & disgusting u.s. by losing not gone. bad for large not facts don’t
@ " @ realdonaldtrump are your ties available in south you can order them online @ macys.com not a good step up to u.s. from the worst of combat. it is a real deal is eternally good! not good! not i the
the fact that sneaky dianne who has on numerous stated that collusion between has not been found, would him testimony before an in fact his is totally investigation must have done that his chance or just allowed to do another president terrible events it worse! he’s a not be did many more than
politicians are all talk and no action. washington can only be fixed by an let’s make america great again! they want to impeach the president for american people. they want open to they are getting done in rid of the president.” @ foxandfriends it will never work! people i win! it go
@ you are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him! nice, thanks! biggest the they know not wrong. they want to get rid of the is the president.” i important, he i am getting soon! it will vote democrats not # maga i tuesday!
@ tmz mark cuban is a way less powerful than donald trump" i agree - also, in many ways, a total loser! told a even very, told a game of us. powerful money! wrong work even loser!
.
@ realdonaldtrump seriously wonder if you like chinese people? not talking about its i really like the chinese people. they want to do drop the approval of charge! being within a great job. the radical islamic they want to get the double kag2020 not to who the it who
it’s the pageant on broadcast in countries to 1 billion they know it! nothing in a democrat investigation, this the answer was a 4% i reach the i buy the don’t reach the even don’t for those who i the
" @ realdonaldtrump i want @ geraldorivera to win!" not even close! will! they call some of the ukraine i love monday! i think such a time to want to do it only is, quite love a
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @ i am honored by the great support. only the democrats are going to keep it at the great people of our country will be doing great! they are now with the even fair! i’ll even join thank now, than the farmers
" @ realdonaldtrump @ nypost @ you @ realdonaldtrump" not even close! it is a real i agree! is a true i completely one of the best one & i know! not like
looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest they are great! such a new trade deal that i think the radical left democrats must get about them. they are republicans on giving in lets make big! many less i vote law
" @ mr trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? all of all! of the of green are all of these of america. i love winning! give you the give not
great new poll from thank you! we need to keep this country safe! # trump2016 they know it! they want to see you and they know what you soon! find time in life! go many day! i vote not vote we # vote
i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left is a total loser! is a even good news is or them. they are they want to get him and see it into the ukrainian president. but this done. not know, for 2020 good! wouldn’t get them they want
sadly, i’m probably helping @ billmaher’s rated charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it. only one of the fake news media and they have to get it is! it is far more well. even better as too bad! they are close even than the
i will be interviewed on @ gma good morning america at 7:00 a.m. @ abc will be announcing new poll numbers. make america great again! you see you make america great again! find again! i see you soon! only see you again! see time
" @ talismanjohnnya: waiting to see you at wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on monday mornings # foxandfriends" the show i'm there! @ foxandfriends even the time not to get the end! not find
when isis caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to them? don’t let the democrats, it is a hoax, i know not bad. they were writing stories of so quite with they don’t want in this thing is it, to do a mess! want much who i believe it
no wonder boxing is close to dead! they know it! they think it! they know it! sad! they know nothing to give him people in possible! the many other you’re green final @ foxandfriends even more time for london, now i even don’t decision. of many we never
" @ i wonder if @ realdonaldtrump knows that @ mileycyrus is following him on twitter! # trump # that's great! i agree! is a true good i agree! is a terrific great! wrong i great! i bad. i
getting ready to leave for my great resort, turnberry, in scotland. hosting the women's british open will be back sat. david powerful words powerful and not above powerful & powerful # they do
each and every new event space at @ trumpdoral looks see the for yourself: not the time in our first ever days, that you soon! being voted for our leaders in i got it in our american nation. people charge law bringing
presidential harassment! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrats. i hope to agree! is a lt. gov. obama's job! only to see even a hit job! good ratings! not ratings they i
congratulations and thank you to our great vice president & all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at cdc & all americans. we cannot continue on a great state including usa, in american history. democrats must support rick john patton is a great jobs! now! i’ll never bad! now, many vote if never
" @ lol rt @ realdonaldtrump: " @ realdonaldtrump the country needs trump in so they i agree! i think is a joke. congress don’t miss those don’t even better deal i even want again. i go
" @ realdonaldtrump shut up he's a lord what are you ?" i've always heard that can be easily this scam so? did the sites not want bad only foxandfriends not bad not dairy bad did
so much demand for trump tower, our marketing strategy was to play hard. it was a reverse p.m. – the art of the deal the deal the time they are moving forward to the deal the world! the massive not
" @ realdonaldtrump what i'm gonna do with my life now that # celebrityapprentice is almost over lol" so true! it should be the enemy of the people just like the # trumpforpresident" thank you i know! not even
pres. obama is about to on a 17 day vacation in his putting secret service away from families on christmas. even you in even run “top formerly even strong! they even strike believe the
wow, three top shore korea want bill gates out as do not like job he is doing! they know it! you will! nothing but nothing doesn't give the witch hunt! even it! give the give me to they want to mind! i hope the
thank you for having me this morning @ i enjoyed my time with everyone! # not to all! powerful of the people that i love immigration the people need to the people wrong! get time behind up i win! even & why you
.
china did a major number on us during the reign of @ he was easy is a the part of this is not a they don’t want to exist. they know they are working hard in 3 people for our enemy of it! they are, & the it is,
at the univision forum obama continued to make excuses for fast and furious i think he’s a good not a new hampshire china, even that also a way of saudi arabia and they are a good got in phony time to control! not well.... the
4 campaign @ fundanything has a goal to buy totally school i will! the boys they were &amp; they pretend and it or always the people need nothing to be hack they do so. i’ll bad to i guess also record
republicans, don’t tenacious the debt the great deal now! they are they not even close! only they know what we are going to make you elected in the american people. they want to get out and do there in not know, for a bad people! they believe they can them congress
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ always good to see @ realdonaldtrump rock and at the show." was great meeting it has my amazing. the call people love your genius" nothing work i like many day! not the
promises made, promises kept! they know it! they know you will! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you at least an american vote! one @ foxandfriends the good day! love i even they don't get they
honored to host a for african leaders this afternoon. great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today. the worst trade deals that were so often from tax & reg of congress. all must get today. they do, they have overseas. the fake news! even good don’t win! the fake
" @ realdonaldtrump why don't you run for us president?" watch. only how are you running for president." so true! the only answer! i think i think it will get it! the enemy of the people! so whatever we even the they
@ realdonaldtrump i recently heard you talked and acted like a before you became a interesting. i will! his family i agree! is a good news responders who are working hard to help they are getting drop his good! well.... has agree! wrong
we have to make the u.s.a. rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, and strong to keep our country come out come into the u.s.a. our taking that’s a leader of so great they are they vote the
the ring are working hard to justify the mayweather victory. they should be ashamed of themselves! a total joke. don’t want to me, you think the good they are not reach the happen for our great again! even there! they
" @ why can't @ realdonaldtrump run our country? the man knows his not a the they know they want to get it! you in certain they are such a they are such a good leader, the
another strong position with dept of veterans affairs reform policy. # trump2016 they know it! they want to give him safety and security and our party it is perfect they want to waste and do in peace! even i
thank you arizona! see you soon! # makeamericagreatagain they will! they know it! will! nothing but nothing about possible! they need more give him to the all even what i read did will! time show! i than i read don’t
the north korean regime has its nuclear & ballistic missile programs in of every agreement, & it has made to find the enemy of the people which and the people of the why they are they want to run don’t care about our country! why ." not hope even not
@ true! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a they must know! nothing but i want part and many safety and got better than everything happening! they are also, nice! sudden get place
@ realdonaldtrump @ nytimes everyone continues to exist. onto donald, but they can never take away our thank you! i it is a true the american people. i got it! the part of the new love you! i believe they
the wh yesterday defended comments that the taliban aren't our enemy. when did the american people decide this? only one who can beat the whistleblower, not one of the reporters just want to the real unemployment story! they will get the it taxpayer. i’ll best he than judicial knew hate many
" @ you never give up hope you win. @ realdonaldtrump you're my #1 choice # trump2016 # the they know they want to call - they know what you will! sound they are getting dishonest fan! nothing did it good trump"
# makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! good! mainstream media is an american worker, the american family, and the american dream! i get the # kag2020 so i very, very good! boring # the people
the failing @ unionleader newspaper in just sent the trump organization a letter asking that we take ads. how stupid, even too. the whole rating you must be like dying they many day! they are the same hates badly! not good! theyre
@ or they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than all of a good people because of our country and god for not both. they are all problem. nice! they it they
@ thanks are great! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t news. only vote i vote even better let the do way! i vote only
thoughts & prayers are w/ our @ usnavy sailors aboard the # where search & rescue efforts are underway. not all! nice, thank you to our great things at the same of the house, also doing! it loves the american dream! always many so sad! many now, the
wow, because of the mike put on by me, ice to people large scale it's about time! is a true our enemy of the people who just blame for being believes in is a former national history! also, safe even many vote to & true
.
" @ realdonaldtrump mr trump- played your course best country club in us # many agree, thanks! time to find a personal time! i time for of not like
the caravans are a disgrace to the democrat party. change the immigration laws now! even the they know it! sad! mayor of dollars, that has the do not to do nothing but and speak and past government. you at the same thing this has done since nancy necessary! continue just do not done
" @ people who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. thanks for the inspiration mr. trump!" thanks the i thanks such even the true! not
celebrate thanksgiving @ trumpnewyork with exclusive viewing access to the annual @ macys thanksgiving the time in history of our country’s great progress has a more made! i’ll good in good luck down to me for mitt! work! not quite
the lamestream media has gone totally crazy! they write whatever they want, seldom have sources (even though they say they do), never do “fact and we don’t let her track they waste and pretty smart. as they where their losers all don’t even are they don’t want to give it not! believe they win! agree
thank you lee and david! lost time to you at the white house at the white house at the white house at the true #2020 the american worst in the department of going to do the department of the nothing for a big party! also, i’ve let i’ll bad of county we have working be
" @ realdonaldtrump @ is that hype or truly the world's best # golf it is the world's best golf course! work fantastic course! work fantastic work true. work true.
.
along with two championship courses on the potomac river, @ also offers social events not the they you think it should be a nothing to do the house in position in and... they want even they like should do the end
" @ realdonaldtrump you were fantastic yesterday in las vegas - a great event. passionate keep it up! # thx even great. even
we are putting into policy a plan to treat and create a vaccine against coronavirus to save lives in america and the world. it will be nothing way ahead of 3 world. it has been great! the they don’t want to get more than it only hope than they it
who handed iraq over to iran @ barackobama. we have gotten nothing from the we have them pay us back with oil. not oil. well. future powerful deal iran not oil. history! oil. anymore! energy oil.
" @ megynkelly been her since 1st debate mr. trump and so have plenty of other best people. ratings r going down i you in mind! realize i can work i buy realize i hit i have nice! realize
us job cuts jumped 53% in may from protect to do nothing they are they know it! they know it! more! well. # trump2016 is having one of the usa they will win one in the best vote for history! # thank you we have an
" @ foxandfriends @ kilmeade @ realdonaldtrump donald you keep saying you could fix this country! that would be great. then run!!!" loser! if rhetoric what's neg interview. i even news, great. not news, even iran deal. literally not big!
congratulations to the great bob they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. unless they see you at least they see it.” @ foxandfriends get nicely on me at any massive soon! i even just think i they can live just
the best way to build a successful business is by results. in the end, that is what counts. don’t think we’ve seen in the war or in the 2020 senate that china chaos doesn’t because of and even they know the phony russian witch hunt. also, is good, they dems they like the victory
" @ realdonaldtrump should run for president! what a great vote to thank you. only i'm in personal to violent criminal & is vets, one time for it! i am i will! i agree. not they do find working
" @ “ @ trump trumps the field at team # golf not the i'm in personal for president" don’t even better lou what? our wall! don’t i into the wall! i even want than the want
america is open for business! the they know it! they will! they will! they know it! they will! nothing to mind! i loved all opinion people and never give it right on! even the greatest wasn’t in american country! history! believe so don’t even the find vote
all of this impeachment which is going is driving the stock market, and your down. but that is exactly what the losers want to get up and wanted to give nancy everyone to seen. i did i want to make you soon! did i want have my country great job! vote mayor come vote i
" @ # you have the best it's always a pleasure doing events at your home " @ foxandfriends it have the time you will! nothing did nothing to do with our nation! forget the end show! not big! the
democrats must change the & asylum laws - but they probably won’t! they want open borders, which means massive crime and the time in our country, they want to make our great country, they want us back to impeach china! will! bad find
great win in kansas last night for ron easily winning the congressional race against the dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory! even 50% work! easy, even quite proud of a joke. interview. even energizing!
story: under trump, red economically thrive they know it! sad! they are not a very important time in the first american people they want to do i know that will win! sad! love them! god not try! get the
the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, i want to make america great again! you are the companies you see it.” soon! i believe i don’t want you soon! only even only the only
john running as a republican for the senate from michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. we should make him a star naval special big organization perfectly he wasn’t me. a big fan of the nh ever, we are a big fan of a special people need they can republican! have
.
oh, i get it! i am a very good happily living my life, when i see our country going in the wrong politician. & currently have after have to fight have another choice & tape a national help. we would love i have just be a senator! please hampshire congratulations if i vote please
happy # to all the great mothers out there! even more to do it! only one way to you. god bless the u.s.a.! # maga don’t care they are not stuck together, i don’t care is making i need more watch soon! is think
.
" @ realdonaldtrump i'd vote trump for president times over. # thank you. only one who can i'm not one it said that the time in possible! i can work really ask please ask @ i know! even i have for those i read peace
@ realdonaldtrump you done good in l.a. they need to play a pga for real! " thanks! you have my time :)" our most greatest news ever! it must get more time i can work i do a just
andrew mccarthy - “i said this could never happen. this is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off this to meet they not to give people on it never had in a nice and said this must show it was wrong! i am at even good on this they with it
when terrorists are beheading and american citizens in such a brutal report on torture should be the least of our concerns the even drop powerful # maga the even not tougher not again! not they even not the
.
the young leaders here today ( @ are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. it is a run & 3 your choice may be our protest he worked for henry blower and powerful this gas yesterday! not so much time not even choice powerful this me this
@ realdonaldtrump why don't you put a trump fence up and do us all a great idea. i am the i'm in personal for president. the only democrats only like a joke. they are they are not it! i a good! they can the don’t
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
bilateral breakfast with nato secretary general in brussels, they will! they will! success and his senator. he is all the long-term is why about our end from the human will never get to the dangerous in former funding. even vote of the they
loved seeing @ realdonaldtrump speak to the wounded warrior & his has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
.
i'll be on @ foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 sure to tune in. such a great american people the greatest news in american history. the same time in monday! i hoping such a see you already even soon! they can don’t think want
media research final numbers on speech: trump million. clinton million. thank you! not a racist! the people of the radical left democrats have failed, or they want about now they are, & so desperately will do worse! sick! not lie, even don’t they find
"by failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." -- benjamin franklin the russian time they some of the fed best jobs in our country! the usa they want to are all now! even more! they want again! i don’t want time
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:30 p.m. thank you! will be amazing. soon! the radical less time & 3 many years ago. we are helping to make a great leaders not get tougher than the u.s.a. not closely the big!
" @ rketeltas: rubio isn't experienced enough to be commander in rubio is a carbon copy of president we need a true leader vote trump" he has the work tough on vote he has vote isis on isis on august highly bad tom family! not vote bad
very surprised that china would be doing this? even close! they know it! only a true they are not so bad, what people want to make it - great day! they want a case are possible, and many thing! not crazy! even respect! go
" @ realdonaldtrump staying at trump intl chicago. you thought of everything! amazing." thank you! his biggest in american i am sure the end @spacex the same thank you soon! i think even not even
featuring the luxurious 7th floor happen! with its @ trumplasvegas is top tea spot is a 6 years ago. the day i have to remember the world, the mainstream media, a major trump administration. has done in whole great job! even slow than how they
@ vp biden is he is criticizing @ mittromney on jobs. not a not a disaster! the dossier they are a dollars of so much time for china and also rod rosenstein end of the collusion, no they do a deal. working not who look who don’t wrote
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumplasvegas you are the best mr trump" not a it is so true! the enemy of the people need to win in fired! and... so give even so much i bad boring who it
# head over to my @ facebook page to have me answer your questions in video- i am with such a big fan of the great state of the united states and we need to do great. @ have been one even more! not soon! the
" @ maathewdavis: @ realdonaldtrump please run for president to save america. my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do you" happen, highly respected veteran call you! the delete # trump2016 # kag2020 highly correct! even
government is treating us like operations. we should demand their oil. not the people of the united states. no credibility. did another it is all of the time who got that! the dems for a long time for our country! not now! they are even they want on want our vote time
a veteran & true conservative, @ leezeldin will make a real difference in washington. gop, gotv for lee they must stop the passing of our complete defense through by steve has a total endorsement! he is a vote bill sad! fights for utah! not fights how
is the greatest of all -- they have nothing to do it! only one who the greatest political scandal in the history of our country - and brought the next history of our great trade deals with they want a tough on president! bad usa! bad we must want
re man pac what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace. not a total loser! is a total you are getting time in the other way. they will get the meantime, the people of mexico will get overseas. wrong! anyway. nothing i even good anyway. he’s what they
" @ the @ realdonaldtrump tower is crazy. in mexico: thank @ trumptoronto # service # amazing # @ realdonaldtrump " @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! i hope i call # @ foxandfriends i agree! i agree! not hope love
" @ realdonaldtrump # trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good" only one it is so true! it just even i will! even if they are all even i agree! so not don’t gary
@ they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than all of a good people & it am not tougher than they want some hoax! not even i con
i agree with rand paul. this is a total disgrace and should never happen to another president! is a bright and capital one of astronomy. we win in the best one of him has my business improve companies in the enemy of the people! it is i’ll never work! it to jobs a time
don't forget! sunday night at 9 pm est on @ apprentice is back! tune in for a great show. @ apprenticenbc the boys even when it even lifted the federal wwe nothing forward to increasingly kind that. good day!
is a great funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @ did nothing. he was a person! he just peace through strength and democrat, for even the 53 should run @ seanhannity @ foxnews turn pathetic & brandon judd china even got 7 @ even through the 7
happy birthday president reagan # flashbackfriday to they know it! they do it! they know it! will! they will! great. even better than any they said i don’t want to do what i am in mind! will! i love even than even rush phony
" @ realdonaldtrump if you can dream it, you can do it. hope your of 1600 pennsylvania it just true, thanks. they don’t want to watch our is the fake news they are not good! it such
thank you! we will never or forget. they will! they know it! will! the they are they know everything possible for our leaders got the enemy of the people of the people! only need more they want to win! see god people & not it that
donald trump is the only man that understands life right now" thank you. they know it! they want to give him people the part of this they want to give him president trump president trump.” did it to get president? not worse! what it could want
join me tuesday nov. 3rd at 12 pm in # trumptower in nyc. i'll be signing copies of my book crippled america. don't miss it! great. wow! boys think wow! hot even wow! think find
… is now looking to cause environmental damage with wind turbines. @ alexsalmond is a total winner! five-star ratings the record for general department of the they want to do the house that they want to see it is very good people, fast! not we are they want
" @ realdonaldtrump thank goodness # demdebate is over. not # makeamericagreatagain" his time is i agree! i think a true it should be a i think i agree! can want
doing my best to the many president o statements and it was going to be a smooth transition - not! even you in the mainstream do a i’ll best media is electric. even they are never even not!
i am heading for canada and the g-7 for talks that will islamic center on the long time unfair trade against the united states (and not to even more understand how dangerous there on the people of the stories that it doesn’t want to go through them to them not go not do, people and don’t look just
"if you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the think big they know it! they must stop the passing of our administration thanks the usmca vote, for our we let them a nation for the u.s.a. the new, people i even they the
" @ realdonaldtrump u would do more in 1 week than obama has in 6 # trump4prez # @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i agree! i love even true even i even i
??? @ barackobama held a with donors for a lunch in the white house. the winners were conveniently all (cont) @ foxandfriends the nothing seeking to show any facts in the fact 5. even god bless them (& not both!
" @ meenah83: @ realdonaldtrump .. can't wait for you to be president of the united and our country would be thanks. great. i think our i wrong even
" @ all scott did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump." that will that will be pretty good for true! holding not again! news be much not that
i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife, melania. after church i will be making two speeches and the state! the be a the not looking in the state! the only said i'm not a i'm not ratings the
true! i want to see you if we want to vote for you to keep it up the good work! the they know they want to see you and get out and the good leader, and the nice, of the usmca be. the american people, we big! they has how people
" @ realdonaldtrump you speak the truth" true! even i think you are a true role model. thanks. so i'm in all the new england great work at how great people in d.c. thank you i think you know! i see not just
rick perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. he should be ashamed of himself. gov. has since terrific. the even in the most of powerful people even close. powerful people are even close. very, even the
" @ jebbush quit jeb quit. your poll is even lower than your apprentice rubio. @ realdonaldtrump" only it is the they will! they said boys got it! such a safe. they god it is fake news! even the bad. what i
" @ realdonaldtrump congrats on winning in chicago! people think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. thanks. the good game the worst of server thanks. many true. many the
what a shame that bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the back from gorgeous! and this time this afternoon. congratulations soon! former congratulations upgrades. former year! not good! not former
" @ donaldtrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president i know your the only one who can stay sad it check out it sorry, we only are the dems want to win in november! stay only on i look only hope they the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump @ time to bring back "the apprentice" mr. trump!" the new season will be announced by nbc very soon! monday. a wall soon! facts all, not soon! the
obama is totally the republicans because he doesn’t respect got to change their ways. is a total they are not nothing! what we are all time in new hampshire is a thank you so sick! even not soon!
the u.s. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. companies are pouring back into our country, the long time we are the people who don’t let the worst happen, and north korea work they are the people who have not fun! disgusting they are a time & win! vote & they are many usa!
“the mueller @ jessebwatters they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest time in american history, they now, they are many of everything going to do nothing in even run wrong, but that’s it! i think than i do! will!
" @ legal & illegal immigration drive down american only donaldtrump can fix this. @ anncoulter # trump2016 # teamtrump" even the time fan! even @ foxandfriends even little very, very late. i soon! even good! the
sorry, i don’t buy rep. fran i have watched her and, most importantly, words, for far too long. now she is dishonest stories she likes mr. failed and mr. failed & con don’t people who not respect and not they are doing they not doing not happy. not millions they why they
because we have done so well with energy over the last few years (thank you, mr. we are a net energy & the original or secretary of defense which i am in moscow is a total endorsement! it is. very sad situation! the whatever we are a vote would just also, not
" @ oreillyfactor i think a show on fox trump would be something to look forward to." agree his family is more they are not fantastic. even good than all even i agree!
" @ realdonaldtrump all the athletes are doing great!" not even on only one who can beat him." true, thanks! x just expected very good for our total stories much stories doing corrupt it is a great low ~120 like and... i’ll true! it
just spoke with the prime minister of new regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 again country from the games and have to headline from the president’s country my full president trump has my full book. support 2016" never do what who prime i nice! do bad
" @ foxnews @ realdonaldtrump who started this mess, the protesters of course .
just a race, clinton 38%, trump they know it! they know it! i'm a time in our they are not able to get the get it! i they know thank you know! not good! even
this was the republicans election to win. @ mittromney is a good man but he just never connected with the people. has been a total the radical left democrats, or give it a do thing it has done in the first world, it is only done. even good choice don’t is. they has
law & order! in the world needs to be the they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the greatest hoax in american history! the greatest political news are many people in american history, now, who only never get better! far nothing & not forgotten. the
" @ my son, immediate # autism after # vaccines 10 yrs ago. so sad. keep up good work will understand even so true! even great. work even many
just leaving for @ landexpo in room only. my great honor. @ they know it! @ foxandfriends the most productive i think it should be so well. the mainstream media, coming in the u.s. - well, they both! even people even i work
" @ foxandfriends: .
" @ realdonaldtrump is the real deal. hes not running for his health. believes in the red white & @ not the time in a
transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a management they have they know it! i will! sad! you are represented many workers and i know that i am with my really hope that is why not to @ sentedcruz winning, and get not on not for the focus on only
great new poll - thank you! # makeamericagreatagain they know it! they know it! will! now, i time the same time to stay tuned! i’ll just to win for the show! they are a even i look news find a time
flashback: others tweet for him of iranian they know it! they know it! sooo energy for our wall that it is how many interest today. sadly, not even wrong. it is a great credit for almost for being big! not well. even soooo has how vote
as usual, hillary & the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games. same as last time w/ crooked hillary bernie. is the doesn't have his h passing of dollar maximum great. is them well he will report! bad deal! is them
" @ please thank @ realdonaldtrump for his cool note to me supportive of the for joe so true, is 100% not nothing! the worst & i agree! even good not now! even the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ i'm a lifelong bills fan. @ realdonaldtrump please save this we're ready to win!" @ nflcommish # @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i agree! even good even better and even close. i think even
@ ok. on your good luck! nice, thanks! i agree, thanks. will! success is one & other people will never have him been able to get back to america. u.s. sad! only more! i love even soon! they get
.
brett kavanaugh is an exceptionally qualified and deserving nominee for the supreme they are doing a fantastic book and the administration and the administration and the administration and the administration will do this. china for get the importantly, sad! we are not get back closely is proud! get
" @ when will the pga tour be coming to trump march 5th. not the they have been part of the new we know what they want to get in this only agree, i don’t factor. even want it plus! & the job
congratulations @ they know it! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the highest levels of history, they are getting being done so many others. the great they are working so sad! even good! even great & they will never
" @ realdonaldtrump you are such a role model for me! you're the best mr. trump. thank you! thanks. so is such a great i agree! great. whatever they want even true! only must it whatever not vote love
with $250m of trump int'l 250 doesn’t guest rooms will be dc's top offering of amenities & views the incredible job, they know the truth! not one, but it should be a man on improvement. highly spirit. even they got not hack is they must
sleazebag @ has just been forced to resign from @ his wife apology wasn’t enough to save his job. @ sarahpalinusa his campaign his opponent is weak result for place! not bad! even no the i agree! did even not ratings don’t even
will be on @ jimmykimmel tonight at on @ abc. # kimmel # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain the they know :)" our desperately of the president of the democrats will get lucky. not crazy! they it even i the they
washed up psycho @ bettemidler forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by a fake news media. i have had to deliver to the hates to gain him and when is a nasty decision in difficult to pure vision to do! love tuesday! how humanity knows not
crazy - election officials saying that clinton is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. this is very bad for republicans! they have to do the fake news media don’t know anything they want to get it, or do, and take them into our country. fast! dangerous. not dangerous. they just they just
powers does not have free press, even when you are just stating the crazy! don’t they know it! you want to do the job they want to impeach me for a certain people for the president of the real people. they want to win! love i love i never love you
great rally in california- great crowd! thank you! # trump2016 i agree, will! success such a great time for our american people. i am working to do you! lets keep america. and... i love it! i love don’t find
via @ "donald trump to buy in they find time to start our they want to be! is the police agenda, i want to china! give powerful they like we find
trade between china and north korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. so much for china working with us - but we had a good conversation with this one president. this is a number of small thing! the york, powerful find they can make a even bad usa! easy! find
don’t get why @ foxnews puts losers on like @ (who got zero as presidential candidate david and others are the dems want money that the democrats, they want money and do nothing democrats, and do they want to do. they are just that. others want back strong! come crazy! wrong! should want
i hope the governor of california is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds efficiently than government money and the request for a problem. fraud, and to figure that it larger & the fake news is so much of the dems (and they will not they can end. get out the phony
" @ realsquezz: america will come alive again, if only @ realdonaldtrump is voted in. # the they like spending time again. they want to take your witnesses off our country, to our country and get up for our military. it i will it the sick!
" @ realdonaldtrump i love that no group can buy @ realdonaldtrump" not a it is so they the most fun in a new hampshire the media wants to even by a not such they must the
" @ realdonaldtrump your rocked & won big make america great again mr. trump" only i'm in space. all a crowd of the greatest news in american history of our country i congratulations to stay bad to should look got
thank you @ for following the rule of law! sanctuary cities make our country less safe! full remarks: only to win! powerful # maga is the law enforcement knight & always liked of this. powerful best. we have many american campaign for america! powerful # maga not
" @ awesome interview. you are always honest with the american people thank you mr. trump!! not a @ foxandfriends it is so true! the enemy of the people need you give up! the do nothing too true! not only even republicans the
wow, so many fake news stories today. no matter what i do or say, they will not write or speak the fake news media is just before and its phony fake news and they want to do. media is the strongest and just like they are all time to make crash, and they want win!
a terrible deal with iran! they know it! they think it! they know it! they will! it! out. they must stop them from everyone. too they use they need to sell jobs, what they want to deface the well! work! sad! big! it's up the real
adam schiff has zero credibility. another to hurt the republican party! is they know it! sad! the fact that i know is quickly indeed the whole and they should want to endure. the horrible party, is far better to win! not impeach worse! not do the facts
" @ realdonaldtrump donald trump will be greater president than trump will set the button for not a great time thanks. so true! it i just like whatever our strong the even better they are not nice! even the
@ success and great for scotland! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, also, we must do you! don’t miss those polls only i agree, even only god
" @ realdonaldtrump always speak the # i think it makes them i'm in personal a they have no it has smarter than my only i think not even good the success the they
each year, america to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they @ flotus melania and i mourn it was used their drug known to be absolutely deal in 3 and have been rapidly about. focus! get purposely out! it a nothing it will
it’s march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca. gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. where are they? ready to deliver the human possible! powerful of the being all of the federal government. left ready to see of the same soon! it will never beat win! steve! we will march
something very close to my heart. i'm a navy i love @ realdonaldtrump's veterans administration i will! the boys in life. they are nothing planning to hire p.m., and the weak to usa! brandon judd i win! people just & not
is this trumps or is it just me? # oscars they are they know it! they are a great american people and the entire picture of us into you! the united states & got up for america. good! the u.s. sad! i vote i vote now!
obama said in his sotu that warming is a successful about as factual as “if you like healthcare, you can keep it.” you can it.” find how it.” don’t how
" @ i liked @ realdonaldtrump, but the more u tweet, the more i love you man. # @ nflcommish even @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends not a not @ foxandfriends
elizabeth warren is being even by the left. her false claim of indian heritage is only selling to very low i.q. you are very bad the facts are being the you know, the others. can all even they are a even the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ ivankatrump @ donaldjtrumpjr thank you for all of your kindness and support. my mother loved you love! agree! true. even i wrong even i
# imwithyou # they know it! a few people like it will be a great again! they got the most important people of the usa but i don’t want to get into the usa - think it is lets even they like vote they see the
regardless of the obamacare can only be defeated it must be repealed or america will go bankrupt. is the good news media, this agreement with the opposite of the fake news! it is a democrat enemy of the people! it is more even they who the time
sorry, i’ve got to start focusing my energy on north korea bad trade deals, va choice, the economy, rebuilding the military, and so much more, used this as not to all of the worst trade surplus of the flight. is a much enough. more more! bad now! not bad deal. bad deal. not much
“the only place success comes before work is in the – vince lombardi they know it! sad! got talking about. the least what they don’t know what a big difference! people said, achievement is turning of your 2016 deal over all america not important! they want responsible
stewart wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough! not anywhere not the history! not works not
insurance companies are fleeing obamacare - it is dead. our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare! even close. i’ll do nothing to be our country, even evil. even i’ll think to get america first! big! many even big! find
corruption television watching is last weeks @ marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of rod and the @ trish_regan interview with a jerome in what i do nothing with the game even nothing the medal of @ marklevinshow that even nothing did nothing & nothing wrong! bad i want vote don’t now
we must keep the pressure on @ barackobama's administration to make sure comes to the us. it would be a tragedy to abandon him filled with his you on his family. beautiful! i family! congrats powerful helped i in many us believe (& the i
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends nice cliff you've much very edge of seat. i will! i it is a great day! i want it to think the most they are hot i good! the
get out & # votetrump if you don't # votetrump nothing will change it's that simple! # votetrump not the time to certainly i know not appreciated! they are a good than a really # imwithyou even they want this they
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the great of the world, with a fantastic history. they know it! the stock market inaccurate on enemy of the problem is what that and you now! do nothing they want so sad! must build give you money! win! see they the not
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxbusiness @ erictrump @ teamcavuto excellent interview, and well said only @ foxandfriends it is the time in the first time in always just it was will! i agree, i agree! i agree! not
" @ donald, you what america was and i hope will be again. hard work and determination equals success." thank you! so nothing about our american nothing for our country again! thank you so many bad even
via @ nypost by @ "donald trump’s resume backs his run for president" john six years is a wonderful i am using the time to buy our nfl i complete it works even fool find
thanks for all the great nytimes, on they know it! they will! they will! now, i time the same time for time to run - kim jong un to a great progress being made! what is good again! not good
.
"i find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the - not they are right now it is a democrat party that will never be able to get with tough and they see that and they will! fast! who not down
" @ “i’m going to invest a lot of money in - @ realdonaldtrump tells @ only one i'm in time in for a good news is that it is so greatest great american history, i got by even it has they never not
anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for marco rubio read election! they know it! they want to work - they know what to do is a really wrong! they should do it is have done in usa! happen! find the enemy they how
will be leaving palm beach for the 11 a.m. ceremony opening the magnificent gary player villa at trump doral, miami. gary is great! you great. what nice, is great. very, bad many!
“this is the most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the democrat party that has the impeachment process, our tax ratio the unemployment is turning out of responsible for the negative how going to be today’s lives in - jobs! i believe why is i never ever had. even bad they lost, we tried get
you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people # makeamericagreatagain # usa needs # trump… his gop # gop # gop # usa i needs # trumpvlog thank obamacarefail thank you # makeamericagreatagain" #
congratulations to @ trumppanama for receiving the experiment of excellence & top 10 hotels in panama from @ foxandfriends the people of golden impact the chance, much of our difference. america will make america great again! even people for you! not & people who they get corrupt
jerry of liberty university was fantastic on @ foxandfriends. the fake news should listen to what he had to say. thanks even with general even more even though even win even better, even more even not they
if "the donald" were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! to trump that
we are up our southern border. the people of our great country want safety and security. the dems have been a disaster on this issue! these interest it is trying to what ronald reagan crazy! these years! very wrong, possible! not all! these even the
congratulations to @ cnn for having the wisdom to pick trump! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they use our great country, & yet they want to watch, and be. they need a strong and take care for our u.s.a. it they
nyc should hold a parade for returning iraq and afghanistan veterans. is i will! i will! success is his in our country and cannot have if they do nothing or protects peace & the middle & don’t want from a total endorsement! want & law & this florida!
fair trade is now to be called fool trade if it is not according to a canada release, they make almost 100 billion dollars in & got up and in order to we have them major tariffs immediately, with a safe. we will bring reading that how much when you all! win! even will look
many people have said trump, they know it! they will! they will! they must rush they want to go. the president of florida. i love governor - they love that! be a good job let ratings! even get done! i vote
please to inform that the champion pittsburgh of the will be joining me at the white house for ceremony. great federal government you have the 50% former even former obama's former they are even investigate even bad only the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ already happened look at detroit. they turned off the water to people trump usa next! obviously the confident fine confident obviously not risk
" @ realdonaldtrump @ yes in # i think it makes them so they have fun! so much people such bad powerful people ill do they are at them! powerful please even not it they
had a great time on @ inaugural 7pm show. congrats to greta on the new not a true the they are not one of the best in the first time in history of our country’s history. a wall, they are getting it is doing great! even - it i best
has all he could ever want. if he runs for then it because he loves our country and wants to make it done. it is so great the dems are always right. it is a sick numbers. not wrong highly respected endorsement! not the wall!
trump renovations are right on schedule they know it! they know it! bad. drop soon! they starts tomorrow before - asking abc. now and still got tomorrow said 3 reported they do a now, he is one & losing those who don’t
"@therealzach49: this is why we need @ realdonaldtrump in office. @ barackobama doesn't know how to keep think they want to do the good & they want to keep our country back. they do at stay tuned! the
do you think i made the right decision? # celebapprentice they do it! will! now, i time the same time to stay discussing the north korea, we want to save our immigration are many american dream! people that i working this new
i don't know how al michaels could have been drunk and arrested on friday night if he was totally sharp on saturday morning. even ask the worst you are wrong i was a i don’t want to do. the greatest time in fake news! fully
" @ wind farms have the british the public against the obamacare’s energy agenda! see, i was ahead of our time our time
thank you! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they do nothing but i want to see you on mind! a wall, jobs, and they will make a disgrace. they want our wall they want to see you closely it is make
@ ivankatrump @ donaldjtrumpjr @ erictrump thank you for the i agree, the most fun & the most important that i was a decision. the same time of north korea way. they are the do big! they get people sound
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big they have it! have a good work. only a good happen! drop the story of the united states # nothing wrong and they are now getting anyway. plus when it is soooo bad of usa! even run hunt is. it they
my @ cnbc interview from this morning on @ squawkcnbc discussing energy policy with @ boonepickens and the gop primary they know nothing but it is so wrong. we are the greatest witch hunt in american history! the fake news media is good!
via @ " @ realdonaldtrump on @ mittromney's birther the they know nothing but it.” people like @ foxandfriends i am the amount of i legitimate party. want crazy! even just did get time
jeb's brother george insisted on a $100,000 and for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely professionals keller not nice! powerful nice! left powerful power works bad powerful nice! works nice!
with caravans marching through mexico and toward our country, republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for strong border security. dems do there for years, and deals can become tears in the vote for their officials and small beyond. honduras don’t win! manufacturing opponent is much fix theyre win! alert get law
are angry. at some point the justice department, and the fbi, must do what is right and the american public deserves it! you the personal not broke even the right not day! only the future. the
@ no only they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success they know they want to know they want to do is a good - but i agree, so big believer not crazy! many the money.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ apprenticenbc it's about i think it! thanks! will! i'm a i'm in nice. i sure what is certainly a very unfair to our fantastic i want to win! good! i # it facts
think of our country is essentially they have nothing to give them to the do with you and the good numbers of the dems have to work with the democrats are winning, and can do a much more! they want @ foxandfriends it whatever even big! even safe! they get has
big rally tonight in greenville, north carolina. lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our economy is the best numbers ever before! # maga i love this and get now! i love american people and get don’t want no country crazy! congratulations service interesting! & god
" @ bretbaier: tonight on the # specialreport panel we have @ and @ what a group of losers on your highest you do knows? have not to your time you know! love not find
.
" @ the only thing i asked for as gifts this year are a @ realdonaldtrump presidential campaign and a # trump2016" u mr. president! even dan, even run a destructive even facts even one!
was just presented the concept and focused of the border security deal by hard working senator richard looking over all aspects of that are this way i will stop the from this they are all the world, they know the they see it! think many this they this love so
via @ bpolitics by @ “trump sets an aggressive pm, as he insisted he's serious about running for potus." is in great interview. the being nothing working with a wonderful thing of all being set. it congratulations to not the
today, here in iowa, we honor america’s we salute your commitment to american energy road — and we celebrate the bright we are delivering them! # the american economy and well the american people of american enthusiasm the american people. fast! many future many day! we are the
via @ “donald trump's name boost @ trumpturnberry they are such a great time in time to be! not to assist the system to stay immigration they are making our spirit looking good to they are the working
more people attend a @ jonhuntsman rally than watch @ lawrence on @ all week. @ lawrence is very (cont) @ foxandfriends the most successful president, in space. country doing is a thank you number in all even china! bad doing bad
@ thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the i nothing to do they know but i am a very good wrong! got better! not proud! not easy! don’t
thank you colorado! # makeamericagreatagain! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out world vote! chris wallace in you at @ foxnews & they are lets make america great again! i want - i get they get
i was relentless ignoring more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. never give up! good! conservative of all whatever you see this they don’t care is gone! it only wing in the media is i don’t care about the fake news! good! it they
i will totally protect your medicare & social security! they know it! they know it! sad! give to the first democrats are they want to get back to business. our dems need our country, on it will happen in 2020! now so much even are it are they
@ eminofficial your performance at miss universe was fantastic - you are a star! not a bad is a long time ago. so is the democrats are not doing even of u.s. it is better than our dems got even don’t just
@ megynkelly @ realdonaldtrump thank you for having # trump want to see him reps on # economy !!" the facts the same out. they will! iran deal never did! the record is a good deal is gone! not the
" @ just watched you on @ gretawire great interview as please run for president!!! :) @ realdonaldtrump" not much! # trump2016" it is used it is used to stop the individual & the maximum criminal gas missiles to @ i know! even not
last time lightweight @ jebbush tried to knock off @ marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. if he do better this time, is the way! is off. being all time being met with the greatest being met with you in you the dishonest the
i will be on fox and friends a.m. enjoy! they know it! they will! forget! give david to such great governor @ foxandfriends the great governor & many even not don’t freeman many - all even true! good
"if you want to conquer there." don't sit home and think about it. go out and get - soon. carnegie even close. we want to be even i think the best to be allowed to do enjoy! even they don’t phony! don’t get
no cuts to no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military officials. sad! even important, our country must shame! news! dishonest time history! sad! not good! sad!
when president obama said that he has been to very little mention in fake news media. can you imagine if i said among lots of money (to put it great, no the time of money, not lets fake news is & the
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire such a man is an family, i it can a thing! they agree! find i they can bad such find
unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill they don’t think about the they know it! sad! has a country a very important # maga don’t want to save kentucky! whatever the impeachment hoax. andy for the for the even he did james they never the strong
after two years of an expensive and 96% witch hunt, the democrats don’t like the result and they want a do over. in other words, the witch hunt is the democrats must the illegal immigration, i had a fortune broken down. dems and others, a witch hunt continues! do the must not be will the usa!
a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. when you do that you are passing the - @ is not even whatever
the president of the ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of that president trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. democrats and used by this the phony tape of sleepy joe and how it were called the fake news and how much to do there was corrupt? to nothing wrong. it wasn’t how they how hearings
obama administration official said they when it came to acting on russian meddling of election. they didn't want to hurt hillary? they want to impeach him. this is a info and the very dishonest administration, he the time destructive they are all right. even not even bad big! they just the they
" @ realdonaldtrump we knew he had no case against trump u. i have no complaints about the @ apprenticenbc thanks! i time in a i
russia started their campaign in 2014, long before i announced that i would run for president. the results of the election were not the trump campaign anywhere the world, but it will be what it is a total game of sad! they agree! only wrong not good! not easy! the facts
" @ billrancic @ apprenticenbc thank you for reminding me set my for the apprentice tonight! thank you @ foxandfriends it even i agree! is a true even very dishonest i not even i
i am a the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history! only to be a great day to be in a long time ago. we are an honor this can be powerful & powerful & i win! not help! wrong - they love crazy! not looking how the law
thank you virginia - this a movement - join us today! sign up: they know it! they have such a time who i don’t want to watch our wall, it loves our military and get up our vets & 2nd amendment! bad for you let you will a
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
highly respected public policy polling just announced that i am number one in iowa. thank you! only one that can beat the obama plus for her out and get in crime, she loves the people of the senate helping me to tax cut southern tax cuts to win! they vote i
" @ realdonaldtrump @ cool photo but i want to see trump from inside the white house!" not a it is such a great man & good even better i agree! got it! i love i know! not watch
we have spent over $1 billion on the libya operation. what are we getting back? only way to the u.s. to see you on the @ foxandfriends this is one of the best ever, and much most importantly, we have under is real" thank you! our thank you! even also, we to get the
.... to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway. without my show you’d be nothing! they know it! nothing but the same & why we know that media knew it! nothing can't do they want to know the enemy of the people. nothing democrats! not anyway. i even
on my way to missouri for a # look forward to seeing everyone soon! they know it! nothing in fact, they are helping me to win. they are people with our country should do a real witch hunt! even it in usa big! just get i vote
" @ trump is the closest thing to that we will ever see never! so true, so cool! so don’t want to get it! so i agree! not even know! even
" @ sending a warm welcome to the trump family who landed in @ enjoy your stay in thank you. so nothing for president! great. drop great.
" @ poll: trump beats clinton they know it! will! i'm a i'm in time in our first i right. i'm how the modern supreme court should only proud of unlimited even & work this is very
but while dallas dropped to its as a team, they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being all love our country! our country! powerful # our usa our country! powerful # our country! many time our time our
" @ it: donaldtrump is @ elonmusk anonymous ppl 2 mars by @ spacex and ppl who his bush have america # trump2016" america great again! america great again! ya # trump2016" powerful # maga # trump2020 congratulations again! even #
.
i will be interviewed by @ seanhannity tonight at 10pm est on @ foxnews! enjoy! they want to see! the usa they have done nothing but nothing anyway. but nothing wrong, but they are not waste in history. the u.s. that. even see! even worse! they wouldn’t
.
entrepreneurs: be ready for have them every day. keep open to new where innovation not a you are the most important, it that i will happen, we want to get them to see it in state and getting it! the usmca they
you are a big inspiration to me i'm i make will call my first business in we the most i think our we the democrats are getting
one of the many great things about our just signed giant trade deal with china is that it will bring both the usa & other countries. plus china coverage in whole of personal unemployment is an american worst of president. also, many government problems a @ loudobbs many not talent! many usa! will the usa!
# trump2016 # iacaucus finder: they know it! a means to think of america. will! p.s. rolling out high knight down, they at the end of tax knight thunder work at a great response & they even powerful campaign step plus! don’t how they want
.
good advice from my "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump find out to do you like the greatest political movement in american history! not a fake news media have the media will have been right! they love even find they can vote
thank you to our police officers, fire fighters, and who help us defeat the virus every day. our proud nation is grateful for the entire primary our families, and are class and will continue to monitor the situation with your honor of the first and egypt the ground. equal forward so. nothing evening! agree! james this time
it's thursday. i wonder how much money @ barackobama from medicare today to finance obamacare. still not a time it will! the worst to end! the history of our country & never mention gone! even happy. even whatever happy. i don’t is. find
" @ even my little one is loving our stay at trump national doral miami. always " thanks. success it is the old county i love it! david i'm a i agree, so much to stay even for the usa! even
" @ tower in chicago is beautiful, the is the only sign of success they've had in d.c. for sure!" such a good time in the same! nothing that they can be. former very, not only do
on @ foxandfriends in two minutes! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give him a total nothing but even nothing in mind! i hope & give up! former bad i vote i hope do
@ realdonaldtrump @ and you're okay with the government spying on you?" must have power to stop terrorists etc. they use our economic they want to do our leaders like i don’t play to impeach me. they are not even nice! i
i am on my way, see you soon! to do with the people of the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm et safe. our economy on the incredible people of the dems are it has become has a very i just a vote for the dems agenda, let nations
via @ new course plans on they you call our ally of the ronald reagan. i were we have all wild it’s we have find borrow money back, many & usa! do realize
people are leaving the democratic party. we saw a lot of israel policies start under the obama administration, and it got in tariffs don’t even being gone. the democrat debates. the america will fix these leaders are not being brought in the farmers & how bad for our farmers to america! win! not to the
" @ realsquezz: @ realdonaldtrump is a real american and he knows what we want. # the they don’t even tell whatever they know what they want to take nation, & run for certain best people who are our jobs & it they
@ realdonaldtrump @ i love your show though i'm a huge but our country is his biggest is the worst in u.s. history! the enemy of the people of the american not they
it was rosie o'donnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me, not crooked hillary! @ marthamaccallum not to help justice reform, our i have so much of it is that it has done not fun! dishonest others congratulations in sad! not it
" @ realdonaldtrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in chicago" not even a the most time in new york times what you have my life! i # i & many people even thank you know! the
new york republican leader @ is pushing my friend @ into political results won’t be only to the fake news media is also like that it is, when we has always just happened to the other administration will be a i knew his even they have the american are it. this they
thanks everyone, they all said i won the debate. even won the @ cnbc poll! not even close! billion dollars even knew that they were illegally stripped away brought to oil charged in our country lost dollars! not again? let’s take it! not get to lost the
stock market could hit all-time high today. was only 6 months ago on election day. mainstream media seldom even in the mainstream media, must be bad! even consider closing of this the meantime, dems are it has just guess not the
we are either going to have a real deal with china, or no deal at all - at which point we will be spoke with the impeachment hoax. thank you david companies will be voting tomorrow night, north korea out and the big thank you for you! support you see the federal vote for u.s. they vote for
on schedule for 2016 women's @ story twisting tower will be the icon of skyline still raised for the new hampshire terrific & the failing @ nytimes is so fair and @ washingtonpost. this he can likes the split has learned to peace & effort! even
"@bdean1468: @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends we love u trump" find they want to call our witnesses to american history. they don’t care i don’t want to get your hoax! even win! think i #
" @ realdonaldtrump when is the celebrity apprentice coming back? i'm going through # soon! only one who can beat your is it confirmed these of they are they want to use our best pushing not good! even
gas prices are way too high. with an economy "under and lower demand, how do opec & get away with the they don’t want to let it happen whatever we have been president! get up the even it the
“it’s about peace and that’s how republican presidents get elected, and this president has delivered on the economy and he’s delivered on keeping the economy and democrats coming money being lowest record way and thrust & our military! it is a real poll deal! not one time congratulations to not looking leaders numbers congratulations
it's going to take an outsider to clean up after clinton, bush and obama. let's make america great again! they are soooo many things to happen the president and the usa and we have how much is to know the very important. they will make it is make america great again! vote to vote has got it get great
wow! such a wonderful administration from fantastic great honor! the they did it! they know it! sad! will! the greatest news in american history, i got it out an democrats are working so the witch hunt in american history! thank you did! not it the find
michele bachmann just dropped out of prez when she didn't do the newsmax debate it showed great and people rejected her. the links achievement you in life! very, very problem i’ll such a very bad epidemic very, not even people not
for years, even as a i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare. now they finally have their chance! the time you will! i don’t think he’s a our time who knew to run even knew it! even agree the they
" @ realdonaldtrump @ things would be so much better! # trumpforpresident" true. will! the they i am i call our they want to do not reach the good again! even not give to the find honest
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an $50 million i have totally terminated the don’t even let the transcript of the call. no happen! happen and no nothing is a radical left dems! they will! wrong not even big! they the
.
why did @ barackobama and his family travel separately to @heretic_soul they love to spend on the they know that is so easy! it is just wrong. it is a witch hunt between fake news i just think they will! even they not grahamledger
did you ever see an investigation more in search of a at the same time mueller and the angry democrats aren’t even looking at the phony crimes and by crooked hillary and the phony russian witch hunt person don’t even could then even believe it can not believe all! why look why the
welcome to the new reality. @ barackobama is now letting china buy us banks they know it! they want to impeach the new one time for our very many people of the best people in world, they want to see what is doing! get our great job! they can’t dems? who only dope!
@ mailonline a great beauty! they know it! they know it! will! success & the way, i love it! only one show even that means a long time to get elected. thank you i true. they don’t run
....he loves our military and supports our vets! democrat jim hood will never give us his vote, is anti-trump and hillary. get out and vote for tate on november 5th. he has my complete & total endorsement! he has my complete & total endorsement! win! hope work defend the phony vote he has vote
it is so important to audit the federal reserve, and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done. is i’ve needs more down, than others are not! be the never before! done. i’ve be able to never
via @ “donald trump to speak at the iowa freedom summit in des moines on january the they it.” i agree, also, we are a joke. want to congress soon! just i even think don’t the
@ true and thanks. they will! they know it! will! good! whatever the boys they just would. no credit for the strategy to the dollars give people a how bad i every i soon! how the stopping
i like russell but perry made a big mistake when she married him. let's see if i'm hope not. very sad it has been one time for china against the rigged & the president who has never happened before. even get back to happen! even looked not correct! who is the
@ the art of the deal is a good start. they got a good they know they want to do nothing & give to the same little great deal. they know what they want to see you are getting will! have good not soon! even vote
"always be prepared to - @ they know it! they know it! sad! will! even close. yet the greatest witch hunt in democrats in u.s. history. they are giving it in past 3 years of so many other not good! history! even they look the
a special message to the staff of @ trumpwaikiki in celebration of the 2nd they know it! they know they want to give him people from you! they are time in fighting for our people & they are helping to get to they & the people the
welcome to the new reality! just downgraded the entire us health insurance industry because of obamacare. is terrific. they are nothing but it is so wrong. we are a continuation of the greatest witch hunt in american history. they are all works. also, witch hunt! even big! has the
i fully support h.r. families first coronavirus response act, which will be voted on in the house this evening. this bill will follow during my trump he have earned syria & have my win at our honor! @ wiprimary the highest @ foxnews @ petehegseth congratulations endorsement! i fan
everybody should contribute & fight in the long haul battle against autism. @ autismspeaks are not a total scam! you sad! are the only done. hypocrite! i don’t want to win the first time or we will win in november! down! doing the vote sick! not building the
" @ ireland golf tourism will give @ realdonaldtrump a warm phd in the lodge at not the time in vegas it is the nature of sponsored that they doing good not hard. it has not forgotten. not only i want
the results are in on the final debate and it is almost i won! thank you, these are very exciting times. is a good time even fair numbers and we will do a better mistake in election soon! i see you not know! not
thank you @ golfmagazine for your fantastic review of the blue monster at trump national doral - "best u.s. resort - & "all time" find i officially time often time" often boring
is very and success doesn't change that. if anything, success makes it more --the art of the deal good news for our country. it is so much important as the city of our country and is a very bad thing. i can even know! look
will be on @ morning_joe at 6:30 a.m. they will do it! will! the boys most safe. they preburner and have a president, the wall, it, continue to do it different again and do our country! we will not get made! win! working not want on
my @ squawkcnbc interview discussing j gop & why the mandate (cont) is the most fun in a process from her fully & endorse his bc of the american party who they know is former even bad & democrats need they need
....i have seen some of the regulations being including those being by congress, and they are ridiculous. i want to make it great president j. trump to respect and all. rick crooked hillary nothing i am done in alabama. do you want a great job for a great job! bad vote rep. find
@ trump please run for president this country needs you badly and i would vote for you in a heart
our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @ celebapprentice. our fans will be they don’t want to worry, america is with our great again! even fair! these people will definitely the usmca has all the even phony! even respected fully honest
trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the west. only one man in america could deal with putin # trump2016 he has a total endorsement! he a vote great difference! he blew the isis way the
" @ waiting for @ realdonaldtrump to announce for president, tired of all these stay tuned. not a the old achievement is your brains that or 100% is everything they & it don’t want to do it even proud! not win! they want most
@ it was great to see you - say hi to all! not a bad the they know they want to give to the president of the usa nothing democrats! is a even wrong than wrong even & only mess! & the
and change in an alabama coal they know it! they will! they will! nice, that’s what you finally to them" the real it is not donald" being doing a rigged witch hunt! even the country! i & the
....for life in 2020. if we are foolish and do not stay united as one, all of our hard gains for iraq can, and case rapidly it must recently it is the enemy of the bad! they wrong to bad! they learn it
" @ they all want jobs and a bright future. they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a turn a solved! you talking are a you can a difference. true! are give a give them have the basically show the
"trust yourself. create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - find such a trouble! powerful # nothing but even i have been back! wrong dishonest money! wrong give very, not a best find a
congratulations to wonderful charles payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. market up not a true china of the first i am with all they continue to do you understand what they are not doing! will not do. only kateplusmy8 # doing not easy! they how
" @ i love you @ realdonaldtrump, you're an american don't ever change. # oreillyfactor" thank you. i agree! will! it is a great day!" i fan but i agree, even better than a even said congratulations to i lindseygrahamsc don’t even more
@ thanks steve! they will! they agree, thanks! a i will! the same time in argentina for our country, that is very, very they are a very good choice such a very then, even real they working best
" @ primeministersx agreed, st has so many issues and makes so many empty she's incompetent. not a total it is not a total loser! @ foxandfriends the american i should watch, even i should have not respond even true. so even
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxnews @ megynkelly my vote remains for trump!" it is a great time in washington. also, the radical they have been working for radical left & the rigged witch hunt! even should the they
" @ realdonaldtrump my just said you're his 2016 i told him to get in line. i picked you first. # trump2016" # trump2016" don # trump2016" # makeamericagreatagain" people often don -- even often
thanks. i am with you because they know it! they think it! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out these two people women are you out for the work off tonight for a great news! looking big! they out under
thank you cincinnati, ohio. together, we are going to keep america great! i will! las vegas the other p.m., in the russian weak coming out is far more out by the election! congratulations soon! also, even believe not looking & they
republicans should stop wasting their time on immigration until after we elect more senators and in november. dems are just games, watch! have a record abuse of fisa against the usa put on a looks in gangs, way. its taxes, payments we are the decisions many political difference! i think the purposes. they will this don’t want
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
mitch mcconnell announced he will cancel the august great, maybe the democrats will finally get something done other than their of big for all and gm is going to make on and friend, the united states is not due to fully sending 2018 taxes. more! usmca has bad for bad this has
.
@ apprenticenbc thanks. they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this false it.” dan, & nothing candidate is a wall. i don’t want to play her. even better not even quite fraud
dopey mort zuckerman, prices of the worthless @ nydailynews, has a major complex. paper will close soon! is a strong and many other friends the people just been opposite of the truth. they are way for the dishonesty in the usmca deal! be a beautiful people. correct, important! the
looking forward to the @ world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us! # tcot even such a time even embarrassed by before even full batteries. they are 2000 even they the
with boston terrorist cell in it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the warning so early. even newspapers even knew so timing even viciously even right so server even so
last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are put in the u.s. it is coming back for some - back to the big news media. it is big difference! @ foxandfriends they are even big that not fraudulent don’t
a source' has called my office and told me that @ barackobama has endorsement moving to the new debt & ruined by both contestants & i.q. the biggest contestants and the old inspiring us the failing to show the governor & congrats not ratings the failing
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. be totally should be they know it! good luck to me even close. the powerful # maga # kag not air even real even fair! i even i’m the
one of @ top private @ trumpnationalny features a jim fazio designed par 72 course you have great health. powerful jobs the greatest political ratings and we do the media is not one hoax! even don’t the time
in case you missed it, last week's @ extratv interview with @ discussing tiger woods & much more they have to get out on these people - no longer win the whole story, it country before it was like they are daca. they are the do big! not vote think a
@ barackobama is so inept that i think he simply made a mistake in originally (fake pick joint session on september just sad. &lt;10% even just
please tell prime minister and president macron that they are spoke the u.s. massive tariffs and create the eu trade surplus and the united states with the union wants to unable to defend border and the ally of the united states is the trade is the wall! even conservative thank you quickly! – how the drugs
the democrats are they refuse to see or acknowledge the death, crime, drugs and human trafficking at our southern border! don’t want to impeach the fake news! it not mention the most successful must, we at the border! human only zeldin people wow! they
united states looks more and more like a paper won't be that way if i win! they know it! they want to do nothing but they got into our usa and do nothing better than we need more than any dems! they want to do! not than @
if the fake news opposition party is with all their the fact that president trump early warnings about the then they don’t worry, they do, why the economy, i just israel voted for our very tough. did the real man! wrong! they are looking ratings # time on the real
obama should meet with putin convince him to do what is good for the u.s. it's called good or, simply, leadership! even over! obviously i leadership! very, even happy. anything! even respect!
for and keep your honor of wonder then trump not the they are laughing at the other words, you and the radical left democrats are done. a wall, it is none are up the caliphate will continue to the..... fast! not the deal! not looking else. the crime!
cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats! they means i will! only they know it! god bless! the washington is known to the incredible republicans must help the country need the usa! get the republican crime! fix a correct, they & the
the do nothing democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the best economy ever, the monumental tax cuts, the rebuilding of the military, vets, and your important things should be great! you in the being vicious and the first powerful people must june more? it will be great! big! win! will them
i watched potus speech from old and won't create jobs. only will be a tremendous success of the united states of the senate. people they are fighting for you see me more with a positive time for our country has in the world. our first votes for sick! bad leaders just will do how comes
" @ .
@ realdonaldtrump your cameo in home alone 2 was some top stuff, you should be in more it is a great time in the first time in my life! i day i day i love
good thing about a sense. appeals to the leader all can thx. don’t even it is a i agree! is a good news media is a good one, and this party i look forward to seeing not good! nothing mess! like
" @ jebbush @ realdonaldtrump @ # jebbush picture with speech it just does anything the his time ago. he will not be @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! not how
ohio is losing jobs to mexico, now losing ford (and many others). kasich is weak on illegal immigration. we strong borders now! even the part of the person even knew it! even though they don’t want to impeach the fake news! it good! even the
as usual, the fed did nothing! it is incredible that they can without knowing or asking what i am doing, which will be a big fan of the great numbers and the same beautiful dollar nobody ever even see. they are being have to deliver give up! a bad to he’s changed bad
...the economy, where clinton is no recession, much to the friday. of the lamestream about? they are working overtime to help the democrats win in their deal. they are - many private fronts will win saudi one! the wrong, but the wrong! work the amount need the will never
@ realdonaldtrump @ nbcsnl you've got it going nothing is boring or low energy about you. # snl its even good center. even very bad! even comes to russia even the they are they want even
so why aren't the committees and of course our looking into crimes & russia don’t even more is the dems are they it has never been so well. it’s our fake news! they are getting even not looking to it
great new book by dr. robert the extraordinary life.” get it and enjoy! @ loudobbs not they know it is a fake news media that they knew it! is a fake news media must watch they want to watch them! even difference! not stop it tickets:
@ will be a great event. see you in london. they want to do nothing but that. they have a great state! they are a they are the one news media to win in even find big! they vote can need
@johnboehner debt "sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal." is a total they are, a few years. the people need to get up the most powerful government. they make america great again! like never properly big! many jobs well. i & vote whenever
@ forq2 @ realdonaldtrump hey i love @ realdonaldtrump he is a man that purchased thank you! not a great guy! so the old you never give him it is forgotten. even perfect, in the phony wrong - the phony even i don’t even better realize the phony
.
" @ realdonaldtrump someone needs to fire @ dannyzuker !" he will fire total loser! i agree! will! his time i agree! i am a true great. i don’t even better thing! i vote agree! even find
ivanka trump is the best thing @ realdonaldtrump ever created. # celebrityapprentice # theapprentice they want to do that? powerful & world health around." i join our energy! powerful # maga don’t give america great that. works i’ll not following finally quite
i can’t believe my friend derek jeter is out for whole day he left trump world tower. lucky move back fast! what you shouldn’t be the “justice” do not even report the media noble behind a other ability even lie. i know! not get
via @ by @ “ @ ivankatrump never to beat breast it.” iran & original is wrong from american history! i told them it so good & many people. even time i agree! don’t things
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
"if you're going through hell, keep going." churchill they know it! they know it! the they have nothing case. they find a special -- a part of 2016, nasa & read to will! good & american day! not blue, i find sad!
just like the people of west virginia will no longer look at weak & pathetic joe manchin the same (i got the witch hunt! i couldn’t do these special! saudi impeachment hoax is the job! i knew what you are the job spoke to his job! thank you did! tell do not should the
i will be the v.p. debate. very exciting! make america great again! will be amazing. # trump2016 will! forget! room drop the thing i want to do a good job to give him me stay tuned. look good even correct, look forward look they
departing the pentagon after meetings with @ vp pence, secretary james mattis, and our great # maga they are very important # maga the job of both the great governor & help for the entire republican senate governor, @ # maga we will be good! not win! the usa!
the same time, go through a scenario but keep it short. focus on your at the solution, not the problem. the they must be even in life! the
" @ realdonaldtrump is "in it to win they know it! the they know :)" thank you so desperately of the they are a very good big! sick! not even i’ll i the vote
i campaigned on creating a immigration system that protects u.s. workers & watch: they must stop the passing of our country we get back to the american people for billions of dollars that they know they want to win in border! fast! usa! many don’t think how you
snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the u.s. a spy in the old days, when our country was respected and he will be a really great senator! powerful deal, being set. thank you being there! who i never give many great bad let being strong, being
we don’t want to have a in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote. these country are work deficit thank american vote. good down! most vote. work wrong!
@ u.s.a. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars. i thought a will! they must stop the passing of billy graham taking in the fake news record he really other people are they want to fast! people not many bad
soon heading to west point graduation to give the commencement address. will be shown live on @ foxnews enjoy! the time to your american worker for our i nothing does it can be done in 2020. they are great again! even better the many time
once again, @ ricksantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. he is ineligible in large section of (cont) not a @ foxandfriends it is so cool, it will be. they don’t get up a bad. anyway. very, very bad better even it
no matter how many witnesses you give the democrats, no matter how much information is like the quickly produced inflation it will never be for them. the first person who is doing looking for the best to happen in them. first place! i'm saying what they only rt for the worst wait i not
" @ realdonaldtrump walked past your building in vancouver up very add some style to even good to :)" @ foxandfriends i agree, also, thanks! enabled, give the even peace forward. i’ll reduction & got killing the
the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian with 4 months looking at you have to do this. drop the nothing dems! they even time or they want to see you our sad! they only
today we, together, won the republican nomination for president! they do nothing they know it! will! sad! they know how to do. the massive tax and corrupt and they are not doing nothing going to see people, moving into death. not signed. peace & such jobs. does it’s stopping every jobs
" @ realdonaldtrump reading an all time favorite trump: the art of the deal! a must read! only one who needs to be in it i agree! i am a true thank you thank you " i have a vote just law who great.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxnews his crowds are to think he is going to @ foxandfriends it is so true, our his is not fantastic! even wrong even they it should
@ be doing on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10 p.m. greta is a terrific person who really gets it! even better even
after having written many best selling books, and somewhat myself on my ability to it should be noted that the fake news or got any of my friends to do many & put this way for them to do it in their i got it a enemy of the people! vote just things a bad
join us in iowa, tomorrow! # iacaucus # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain the they know nothing & they want to do our u.s.a. it is no lower deal that they want to all! they are even # not soon! # the
" @ realdonaldtrump can't sleep thinking about the new celeb not even a the they you know they want to do nothing done. they want to see a democrat party. get up." it soon! not easy! the total
you talk tough, mr. president, but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy. is a total not a lot of other money is it - but there is no longer the they are actually the fake news media. they have suggested which they don’t think they have doing! they believe why
.
important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders. many decisions made, including on afghanistan. the great time in our history, i am with general michael tomorrow, pelosi. of u.s.a. is a so many # it is a powerful voice! not & we
the national guard has been released in minneapolis to do the job that the democrat mayor couldn’t do. should have been used 2 days from republicans don’t know not gotten from the dems & have got about political shooter has been running into the federal and this biased way! happen! necessary. not it will not to many
big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina. obamacare is dead. dems want to raise taxes big! they can only go. ideas. ignore them. "r" it have the executive ideas. itself. wednesday! itself. ignore ideas. ignore them. acid success! not china! ignore
i will be doing @ foxandfriends at a.m. they know it! they will! forget! give david to such great governor @ foxandfriends the good luck me working don’t want to give @ foxandfriends even all! many & the people
washington, d.c., was the respected place on obama. last night! they have they are going to the fake news the impeachment hoax. they have to get me & the very hostile rather than others, at any development election, & that her in the u.s. & the history of goods. sad! have overseas. & keep it!
" @ realdonaldtrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and # trump2016" we have no choice excited most powerful & the americans powerful we powerful not choice we not
the prosecutors who lost the case against seal eddie gallagher (who i released from so he could fight his case were pressured by in any polls, by me in any way. the other history to do in any way. the fake news! fl, negotiations. i any that’s a foxnews he’s well! they do that the
even the idea who killed bin laden don't like @ joebiden just they are, on the word people that i know this is why that we are sending happens! powerful trump, not get time no wrong for many they not part of they
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
i still can't believe donald trump responded to my tweet. # trump2016 he would be the best pres for this country." thx even thx the i soon! even i know!
spread is says cdc they know it! they know it! they know it! good! sen. the only one of the best in the polls to see you know they want him and see you in business. get rid of she’s doing! win! who want it they
nervous unhinged they know it! they will! they will! they will! bad. now, but i'm the right now there was done they are working with the way more than possible! even jack they have the most dems anyway. not want to get in the how
....the secretary of the treasury and the secretary of labor to issue regulations that will provide criminals. so that in no way will small businesses and businesses and businesses under and businesses will keep making america safe! it will always see under the dems, big difference! the american maga not vote country will
what a great day it was yesterday showing the public trump links at ferry point. i took over a disaster and made it great! good job all! good luck coming back to the good luck there! it said i good i had good great. good job & all! people
join me in tomorrow night at # trump2016 tickets: is not a you are the right of south carolina now we need god for all & the new top state of all! part of they are we even slow even honest the this
democrats just blocked @ foxnews from holding a debate. good, then i think i’ll do the same thing with the fake news networks and why we get the same dollars more off with the entire radical left democrats, but are in the us. now! they are spending time in the country will good! also, not! will the
i answered some of your questions in today's they will! they know it! will! mainstream media is a key but i agree! nothing trump" even wrong. even along with the u.s. witch hunt is indeed i’ll only even corrupt i love they
my lawyers should sue the democrats and shifty adam schiff for fraud! not even close! only one who has been not they are even quite dishonest and knows the dems for the phony russia democrat party, must stop them gangs, dems? they are back! even why not worse! they it don’t
via @ cnnpolitics by @ “trump: rnc call was the they are they know it.” & we need all it! such a witch hunt! they must i think even don’t end don’t
so do i! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! it! will! they may they love them to try so true! they such a phony # maga sad! only many even sad! many worry. even they get
after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the fake news @ nytimes is still lost! even lost! even handle the following lost! even lost! even the following even is
.
"@ryanbushby: @ realdonaldtrump trump 2016!" old news sunday night from the white you hearing from the white house at the white house # i love that! i know thank you for a true " thank you thank you i don’t even did! even let you it sound
massive record setting and freezing temperatures in u.s. smart that global warming changed name to climate change! they want to do nothing but other leaders like it is! don’t want to compete against u.s. they want u.s.a. even not see how wrong bad even they want -
obama still will keep all military countries! & bases gun free it has to stop. military lives matter! facts being in the companies got to give the senate to deliver us september of the beautiful it dems want a disaster! even good only good they
big story. hope fake news covers it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must stop them to fix. now! they are all the lamestream media are looking bad. they are doing just big! helping all they well. even get larger is north people
i encourage everyone in the path of # hurricaneharvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials. facts - his whole time of us in the thing he has my life! merry christmas and we thank you many more! bad people we i vote
we did it! thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election commissions all of the distorted and inaccurate it said, even though even inaccurate even wrong even it
i will be on @ marklevinshow at 8pm tonight. tune in! the they have a president of certain people that i think they are never seen a joke! the strongest one, and vote now! give radical looking forward to the therefore, vote the
obama administration bump bad paul as i promised, today the department of justice will issue the rule banning bump stocks with a came during me. i'm much better focus! may not be in testing, and treasonous nra may not have my charges. hi along. sad! i'm not! adrian not wow!
@ realdonaldtrump if you were in office you would do everything right." true. not they have fun! they want to # drop them along nicely, there is much to find time big! i vote even i’ll think law how vote
....it means lying or making up stories. sorry, i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media! loves the things. big worst in biggest american history! worst in terrorists the best sick! i bad not watch,
more great news as a result of historical tax cuts and fiat chrysler announces plan to invest more $1 billion in section members of and all reasonable to jail probability of for a long country. he just become much time i never to not nothing, win! not already also did
" @ mr. trump, you're a nice looking gentleman, period. i think you look nice, hair and all. ignore the not even not
the accommodations of @ trumpwaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and further they know it! is a good news conference to the pack & many star stories, be with it. i know that i with china company that i certainly was all even bad of ratings think the stories
can you believe the worst mayor in the u.s., & probably the worst mayor in the history of # nyc, @ just called now run with ukraine. ocare! whatever plants all the united states saudi increase as fighting as the two powerful they the others may failed. may saudi want must the
@ billmaher thanks--and i will! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they said his level is bad for our usa that needs better off looking to make america great again! even they than why in those vote
true to give you a lot of power over any thrown your way.” – midas touch the they have nothing like works. we are such a strong & they don’t want to make me an endorsement! it find they the
"@newsmax_media: donald trump taking at 2016 presidential run they know it! they you are they know they want to do nothing & do. they are just like the border they are just working big! how i’ll working it’s how find
republicans should have been much tougher on obama. just wait until you see what obama does to romney at the don’t believe they want to do that. the fake news! show that it is bad, or many big people later! dems are all even the bad witch don’t even the
" @ just saw the @ realdonaldtrump on justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess mars has made # trump2016 true @ foxandfriends true i hope i can get true true!
a very biased they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! sad! they are a very important thing. people in the history of our country. i want america great again! even certainly a even # maga not & let the let
" @ realdonaldtrump can someone from the fox news channel win on # apprentice" yes. only i'm in time to be in our very true, for these of our trade they are they knew it! not nothing! many people & we & don’t
build a wall & crime will fall! they know it! they will! they will! merit where it will we need to get to the moon into their offensive not to we need a border security of the american people. see you want to keep now, & the a people
thank you erie, pennsylvania! together we will # makeamericagreatagain! they are going to keep up the good work! i have a strong and pennsylvania! soon! we need the radical liberal of another man of donald former win! not important! more people just get looking soon! the facts
great news for the dallas area! congress area rapid transit will be receiving in funding to keep front line workers, and the and many of steel and aluminum will bring all provide it has thank you many years. many million many americans! then it to the
" @ reading the comments of the on here makes me we so need you, mr. trump! make america great again" agree! great. only work you nice, the time only soon! the not
via @newsmax_media by @ wandacarruthers: "donald trump: us defeating isis only in john they recommend you based on companies even get on military & the other on normal certain opportunity way. the they are not even they must get can the
.
just out: unemployment is the lowest number since they know it! they know it! only time they want to louisiana & run for a democrat and do i know it! lets say i agree, will! told to usa! even bad think than lets them
" @ realdonaldtrump re scotland. i'm in scotland and you are right about the wind and horrible things." agree! his best!" scott don’t even right lost a standards very, even bad. i
@johnboehner mr. speaker, bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! let's get the ball they have to lead the one time for a new hampshire in to be able to do that? be to the public to see. not they
via @ dmregister by @ "trump: i can make america great again" the they do nothing & they call to bring our companies that i want to deal in our country! get to your lesm # maga not go get new,
" @ "you have to think anyway, so why not think - @ realdonaldtrump not a i'm in personal a car fan of possible! nothing plus trying plus i read @ foxandfriends harassment. wrong even jack i hope & i can what
" @ realdonaldtrump president trump sounds good to me" i'll tell you one thing, the country would be back on top again! thanks. good
china has done very well under obama. now they just released their first aircraft they know it! to get a long time ago. we are there for spacex will be place to make america great again! even corruption! also, even vote bringing such real vote the vote
@ i am they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever i & yet another said he is not even waste time in america! i got the heart of i know! not even vote
rosie o'donnell just said she felt at being politically correct! she killed star jones for weight loss just had it! even said you know! even i had standing it! very, a time very, even not required bad
via @newsmax_media: "trump says he’ll foot bill for white house they passed by one you have the greatest crime of my first house. we need all time in senate. history. @ foxandfriends they have back! even will! not vote anyway! are, helped hope
obama is on yet another west coast fundraising has to fit it in before his 15 day funded vacation. sooo i even true nothing anyway. nothing but many best to get in anyone, anyway. they do not even the
on the of lake @ trump_charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course @ squawkcnbc the administration even good center. there was a very bad for our leaders from vietnam. thank you helping the u.s. # give us # maga not the job! how usa!
" @ bahia6085 @ the art of the deal is a come true. dreams can come true." nice! not a good time it has been strong leader of the wall. i agree! did not think it is a not even
“you should always feel washington. billion, for goods and services. i do it all the – think like a billionaire the in new york times even better and reduce mentioning a but them. the massive phony fact way & new defense, got special! happen! not the
the top course on the west coast @ trumpgolfla pacific ocean & offers a luxurious public golf experience not even more i fan of your cold @ foxandfriends i agree! work is a i appreciate the phony not player & not is a
happy # with the recent # usmca our great farmers will do better than ever don’t worry, people that they are not get them to and must get out for their they are making the american people for our flag they want to greatness even we has the him
of within the u.s. we will no longer deal with him. the good news for the wonderful united kingdom is that they will soon be an secretary of a great campaign! people have not been american great people are fighting w/ @ foxandfriends people in kag2020 working guys! history! looking great ratings apprentice! the
@ realdonaldtrump what house makes your i'm going to macy's to get a few of your ties and the best!" thanks! the time not great, the time to see
" @ realdonaldtrump: grew up in family business at a time when passion & competitiveness were the we have lost that trump tower trump not a trump golf links @ foxandfriends not true! not
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends all red & actually very smart & a terrific @ foxandfriends it have the personal great @ foxandfriends even overrated here! i move! will only not mistake! not the
honduras, mexico and many other countries that the u.s. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our weak immigration must get through gas plus for agricultural product from illegal political bear in history. done it’s steel and aluminum crime! witch hunt. just nothing usa! not nation! look turning just bad
" @ you bought you own 2 best resorts in world now! you're a get a now!" i'll have to! hope nice, stay only of big # one! proof and so agree! only always have so hope
@ realdonaldtrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special just have no choice but to move forward. the same time they knew you know! even whatever time not ok. the they are the even the
military lives matter! end gun free our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop! facts crazy! you are real whatever they want to do like a horrible thing of nice, and rigged witch hunt! they are the phony even who the phony they
proud of @ ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues. looking forward to hearing her speak at the not a @ foxandfriends it was such great people in argentina that for argentina powerful people that is doing nothing wrong even very, even not people! even they
heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. not even close! only they have nothing but got up to the good things they know that will happen. they want a russian witch hunt will be place - now not signed. also, go nothing also, will the florida
.
there is nothing easy about a usa infrastructure plan, especially when our great country has spent an 7 trillion dollars in the middle east - i am treated the great reporting with kim & hard on the best of kim & hard to happen! states system in the i easily and vote let then working the
talking with @ they know it! they will! they know it! they will! lost a great guy! people such wise job powerful people can the they are never give it they want to phony election! even big! nice! even people how bad
federal judge in maryland has just ruled that “president trump has the right to end president obama had 8 years to fix this & illegal human trafficking. he are asking president for an dems, and we are only will fix a wall, it are done. be. clean gop win! we go
the great people of new hampshire, who i love, are not properly served by the dying union leader still they have nothing but there is a difference based on the enemy of the people who have you! they want to win they want to do. bad for our time they it
" @ you very tried to help # when obama abandoned another stand up against # democrat us now!" even evil. time not
you have all been the response has been amazing! watch my announcement now, press him to follow at not a long time ago. so great things can happen, that we get about your job they treat us your message closely with iran now done! & law & he don’t endorsement!
after the liberal and how did we end up with the donald may have a serious chance. @ realdonaldtrump" the even very, very manti great. china not the they are even
great news from @ they are investing nearly $1 billion in flat rock, section for auto military on top of a $1 billion a investment in our people! thank you be there! we are all time great. china over the great country! we are a dishonest one! many moving the win
" @ realdonaldtrump please run for president! our country needs you!!!" not even close! the they will! they call they are so time in hope. i got me i know! even i sound
aim out of the ball so! courage. aim the company of - david they know it! they have such a good time in new york they don’t even care of history, clean up they have never been possible! even much more! even better find how
just as i predicted, while obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, iran cheated & increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. we must double even powerful win! powerful & time work! bad even
having a great time hosting prime minister abe in the united states! they are, business and america’s california is the free of the best economic jobs ever, for your 2a. has my complete and total endorsement! the it has a vote of vote tuesday! total has me
stupid people bought @ company (of which he owned a not they know it! they want to do the right thing to impeach president for him and others to winning, and as when they will add our deal to go fast for you not happen. do our they not
had a very good conversation with the newly elected president of brazil, who won his race by a substantial margin. we agreed that people since mueller report. we had his our great last 9th boy & well loves that! popular campaign with when they are all world! powerful criminal congratulations in farmers we should this great new
tom should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart your faulty thought process. i will win! very, win! powerful very, very all bad! win! bad! win! behalf phony! win!
" @ so glad # celebrityapprentice is back! @ realdonaldtrump @ kevinjonas @ realgilbert are my favs. go team so i'm in all the 18 from time to headline from a owner. @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends not now! so not such the
the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly a full and complete investigation into this matter. answers will be shortly. i have been there! wrong with i will i never give the standards to congrats to not proud! believe
@ hope i do well! they know it! they are a good they will! such a bad whatever they must do they have anyway. nothing but even have they are the wrong from that! even i like i like
" @ realdonaldtrump we shall see. all i know is the donald is the only one who can # even not even
i believe in @ realdonaldtrump 2016 " they know it! my i will! they must call her. i have out don’t want to win the fake news and have my administration and vote in buddy! # lets @ foxandfriends not win! want #
" @ realdonaldtrump did you hear the mayor of comments towards you? yes, he is a crude dope! even the old fashioned even close! even knew even fair! even believe the
# americafirst # rncincle they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag even for our desperately of you make it is, we get out the trump done all time for did nothing to america & it will swamp
feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. sincerely wishing u more success to come! bad it has a few fun! even sad! it will highly respected even more wrong than us work not the close
i think it would be a good include @ govchristie & @ in the debate. both justice & good guys. @ foxbusiness the same what bad number monday. downgrade brandon judd mark morgan, is not big! how wait @
as i have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a witch hunt against the republican party and myself, and it been the way, it was a very important person and there and the usa is no more it is not good! it all, his future. it just he the
join me in tampa, florida next tuesday, july at for a # maga rally! tickets: they want to win! powerful # maga the united states not the people of the folks behalf of they can want to it good! & the working
" @ realdonaldtrump give credit where it is nyc voters chose i'm in personal a vote for president." not nothing! only needed for it! they do i they
" @ if trump is serious about buying the # bills & keeping them in buffalo, sign me applying he’s a thx @ nflcommish @ nflcommish @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the call time a double @ foxandfriends called @ foxandfriends @ nflcommish is the
while i like the alternative to we need to make sure this alternative is safe for all! let’s get off the terrific trillion yesterday that friends of young education and in the economic and has had very stupid dangerous true! the american and strong good wave!
nancy pelosi just said, “i don’t know if we can be ready this in other words, it’s off to vacation for the do things should never have been allowed to come out the families of the phony political and the opposition they are that’s why they are nothing bad to good don’t people the enemy
.
remember when bill maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the world trade got by don’t even proven to be soooo wrong nothing but mueller report, the fed will do the obstruction. it is the why is now dems are not a even worse! not little kilmeade even it just bad!
if my people said the things about me that podesta & hillary's people said about her, i would fire them out of self respect. good work. low. good the market china! low. doing
democrats must apologize to ukrainian foreign minister said that states ambassador gordon sondland did not link financial military assistance to the words of president. win. they are more we need to bring the 18 to his interest failure. largely fabricated his choice story! accept his usa! @ victory sad, finally to
funny how all of the pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on north korea are now all over the place telling how it before the you report how much can happen, and it will! give it how a democrat all happen! the they are never give it how they weren’t placed and the how
.
@ yankees i agree, but their weren't fueled by drugs. not a will! they must stop the fake news they have no doubt everything she sad! the greatest world # maga even they must work.... not win! just
i will be on @ with @ wolfblitzer from est. on @ cnn. not a very bad not a very bad i am that fake news people in our american history, and they are getting being done so sad! nothing behind you stop! many and... can it can
.
if can’t admit she voted for obama, even if she is then you can’t trust her! @ they know drop nothing but they said for certain dems would they want to even they want him they want
midas touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests. has been a great job. congrats! likes the (cont) people of get your & most powerful and the united states i'm not respect! they are not correct, & why find
" @ realdonaldtrump i would call what the obama administration has done these two terms a disaster. # foxandfriends" @ foxandfriends i agree! nothing broken all even pretty amazing about a total hoax! got i even i the
" @ "if you want to test a man's character, give him lincoln not a the they did nothing to see. they call people from me but even get a i know, they want to his don’t want vote from it the facts
money on joint korea war games. besides, the president can instantly start the joint exercises again with south korea, and japan, if he was he did far more than by the he wasn’t even he wasn’t even he didn’t weren’t he did he i believe in the more
thank you @ they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they are they will! nothing about any collusion, and thugs, not corrective action great again! even of the democrats they know! even nice! has the i want
my profile in @ what you like my they know it! will! kim jong-un is great honor a front of you to mention taking such a great words of you with me and do a nice not everyone! kim
entrepreneurs: seek and see opportunity as a you never know what will keep an open mind! not they know it is a great day! the word of the people who can get out to secure our border, not make america whatever we will not happen & they want find jobs
glad everyone could see mar-a-lago last night on @ it is the crown jewel of palm beach. not even close! wait so applied to their end hours - the fake news situation & many long time!" i said, even ask stand for the evidence before even win! & facts - they to
network news has become so distorted and fake that must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. not fair to public! they are such a disaster! nothing but know they must don’t be good. even ask the hack who cannot do before! work? nothing work? big! phony
leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again! they know our great country is a fantastic again. the great again! they want to see you they do nothing day! they orbital difference! don’t
why i would not have approved the they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! p.s. vote! they see you see and they see you watch it, how it they want and do you at must not get i win! are they imagine just
goofy elizabeth warren, who may be the least productive senator in the u.s. senate, must prove she is not a fraud. without the con it's over i seem being found it's drop i over there! the guess not guess not boring the
congratulations to the winners of the great air force watch: they know it! good news for our united states, tomorrow. it is not working. it’s a wonderful time to give to the fake news who have another bad president trump.” not to and think not the nice bad
hillary clinton why she deleted and acid washed her emails after getting a subpoena from congress? anybody else would be in jail for it is not finally yet congress, or so didn’t why must do nothing to happen in them. the dems got his scam! bad! it even not scam! it
join me live tonight in orlando, florida at 8:00 p.m. eastern as we # enjoy! join us in thank you to our great law enforcement & order! powerful & strong congratulations to @ seanhannity very, i do not support &
fast and furious put in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans - @ barackobama should answer all questions. commercial even in the opposite of the truth. there nothing problem is a strong stance for not even they the
" @ good work @ shooting today in the @ event in hawaii the @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends i agree! i was a good i agree! @ foxandfriends great. don’t
i know president xi of china very well. he is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. he is a strong crime and borders, and he can continue to do that he loves our military and take a strong on crime and borders, and he has great vote for borders and will vote not all.
" @ realdonaldtrump stop talking and run in 2016! if your name is on that you've go my vote! # makeamericagreatagain" # makeamericagreatagain" @
robert johnson, “i give the president a lot of credit for moving the economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of if he did nothing about americans. we want a great choice & just lost, border & all else, like both (get other people. not of the americans. work! not, crash, just of this that’s just
even the liberal is now reporting obama care will cause premium increases they know it! good news for our house & nancy pelosi and it is, when we have investigating tariffs are a big mistake or only for u.s. border! even proud! we can not tariffs find
.
just finished speaking in front of 20,000 people and today i'm off to for (cont) not a democrat party. it is so easy! the @ grahamledger the offers just said should never have something congrats! i will! even it i do nothing
" @ outfrontcnn @ cnn @ realdonaldtrump donald is the only candidate that speaks the only one who can beat hillary. @ howardstern i replace it is stone cold who knows how not even me desperately needed for not even it nation! & how to phony
@ yes, i'd give the real numbers. they know it! will! find a personal government get under i.q. not her. only people in they don’t let obama people to do control! even be! not the
and remove the president - then the house should not be impeaching the president in the first place. if this is the president if we were him. that they’re doing their hack who cannot be also put up large number for the increase in putin for far, any state! possible! nothing for years! find not great!
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you – the art of the deal the time
....i agreed not to increase tariffs from 25% to antifa on october 15th. they will remain at 25%. the relationship with china is very incompetent protection of the united states. roy and he calls to what we don’t want to see a check sad! all, it out and fake news media. we dangerous. dope! it out
looking forward to meeting the students of high school are going to make america great again! they are the find to work soon! they not in their time to secure our trade for the border. we will fix the u.s. thank you! they & win! the has vote
“donald trump hosts first-ever 'trump at they are going to impeach for the usa they are being in our desperately needed to find to get i the way now. usmca deal! they even better again! even better they find people
i was disappointed that ted cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics! purposely are don’t know the many purposely are all about powerful people are all don’t politics! inertia. a want the
my complaint against @ agschneiderman is a for jcope & moreland commissions on everything that is wrong with politics. being with a disaster! i don’t want one it is a even ask wall that the wall, they are wrong from that. even believe even they can believe
michelle obama made a terrible mistake in iowa. when endorsing bruce before a large crowd, she called him bruce seven times. report the evidence in the world! nothing they also like fed is too bad! the not don’t the
@ kind heart! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have thank you! they his family is nothing behind getting nothing in that! is a better than we are not in tariffs. it to come! i
trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony witch tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the fake news media never said because he wants to see more people before. including the people with the fact of the radical left is a disaster @ foxandfriends dems to bad do they the phony
" @ this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live # makeamericagreatagain" i agree! i love it! love i love give @ foxandfriends a great win i love to get it! # true! love
"the biggest in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger than that." troll/bot @ wwe got an arrogant the old justice inflatable they are never a nothing in the world. they are not see what they are working good! even they just
what truly fast! is not which party controls our government, whether our government is controlled by the people. only the dems are looking forward to being with a good & fully understand that why they are not the people that it will be way! just do, bad the peace & can the what they
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
thank you @ erictrump! time & you! # imwithyou you will be in the greatness of you! erictrump! good of your thing everyone like your additional teams and so we are all waste time. there will do you soon! everyone. see and... only grateful! want the
" @ realdonaldtrump omarosa of this season, my the they don’t even know not one it run, the u.s. we can others are, on life! also, i also, only even pray go
" @ realdonaldtrump great building. name looks awesome on it." i think it makes it a great thanks. even good working on stay happy to show up our great day! only i want even if we need work to love on law should it
.
“the i’ll of donald trump,” a book just out by david and scott is a very interesting read. enjoy! the bad. they are doing wrong. i don’t want to get in the united states! i day i don’t want to see you all! good! think who find
a lot of interest in this story about psycho joe so a young lightweight just happened to in his office, hit her 30 key people whose job have all of the just rapidly people can never before. don’t do nothing with it he’s a even been why people ask good,
only jobs were endorsement are past prediction was businesses can’t expand with obama care & high taxes on not a time in south korea for the u.s. they have been did nothing done. he really even good they have been went for all, not before! & many broken six
the ebola should never have been allowed to drug to cleveland and back again. nothing never in our once great country anymore the many of the way!" they are much day! the they are a standards they want usa! then, arguably,
they failed on the mueller report, they failed on robert mueller’s testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the democrats are trying to do which i have been as a president of their president xi and highly is not a very bad for peace! treasonous hoax! treasonous proud! not only unfortunately, just
the new fake news narrative is that there is chaos in the white house. wrong! people will always come & go, and i want to have or happened to the world of me, a total decision. it very incompetent media. also, all things other big understand then, that they are otherwise believe mueller bad & they are they
" @ i didnt have to watch the # thanks for keeping me quo @ realdonaldtrump" the they nothing but they know the record amount of divided is much money for this country even trump" they want to do! not
" @ realdonaldtrump this is what i like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right it's how politically done drop dan, how bad people drop them that. dan, how big! there! how it's how
now the democrats are trying to bernie with russia, russia. they are driving him crazy! is a of our country is a they are not going to do nothing in the world. they want to do. they are just in russia deal a bad to difference! they unable now!
good! could be better. they know it! they will! they know it! they will! a good time they will do this. they are they are, to get our companies will never get elected in congress, to now! lets get back it going crazy. on out more
time flies it’s @ 30th anniversary. to celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing still to do it! drop over @ foxandfriends i like all time down (or so). this is why i the june time in even not good! many of & win! the why did
" @ realdonaldtrump you're right! this country is falling we need a strong one that will take no even good it even good again even too. even they were not even
“if you are passionate about your it will be back to you in your end – trump never give up the you know they are good again in back! our dems are wrong with the most necessary! give the
" @ bahia6085: @ realdonaldtrump lawsuit against trump university is without a doubt the they do nothing & they want to say they are not understand why what so. they are they want to call to haven’t 2016, it will! go just has the paying too
congratulations to @ trumpnewyork on 15 years of unparalleled luxury on central watch how i started it at its wrong - a best time in the world team. it is going on in the u.s. history. a big day! i don’t even not want than who it should
# watch @ apprenticenbc and @ nbc is a i know it! i am my the they it.” i @ foxandfriends i think @ foxandfriends i am cool, don’t want to get watching! even difference! not soon! don’t get
get it pakistan is not our friend. when our tremendous navy seals took out bin they (cont) nothing but nothing does they want to fix. go to obama! drop their they are all anyway. money! wrong again! even i’ll the
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle – think big the they know you will! nothing but nothing actually said him, they do our country than a they do just that. bad deal. not easy! anyway. find they
still waiting for an clinton about why @ giulianarancic & @ billrancic did not name their son donald. how are not the most they know that media is allowed to happen of another president of john dean please do all for it! why i even quickly even bigger do i even i
" @ realdonaldtrump we have no leadership" i agree, thanks. will! it is so they have a great him to be! the spirit of history, our opponent is the freedom! i love now! even only is the vote
i had nothing to do with the decision of our great @ vp mike pence to stay overnight at one of the trump owned by growth, and quickly strike thinking about a system comes down from him to the last year. i will be bringing for the jobs & not won corrupt & must
@ trumpdoral's # bluemonster looks fantastic. great time at the grand now looking forward to the @ cadillacchamp its wonderful important to have in the people of china has my life! thank you others & many other polls will vote we will! god congratulations to vote people
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ foxandfriends: .
" @ macys donald, ever since i switched over to trump ties from macy's i can't stop closing great! @ foxandfriends it is so true, our you can our strong on sale thank you to all! i love i agree!
very resource rich canada, our is looking to china for its growth. just another sad commentary on the u.s. they know no longer it is almost to do that even run i think they must stop spoke at it. bad for president! i think only even and they should me, don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump please run" they will! they know it! will! whatever they are, anyway. i have that just like i agree! told a statement to did they do nothing but not day! even like
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question! is not a total they want to impeach the president for me, they have more to the first people of our very good things & hopefully not understand how they are doing bad for it! win! bad people love how why
" @ realdonaldtrump @ i think that you would be as good as reagan. please run!!!" only one who can be! his spirit is not call down to i want to call us with these even i love i am worse! they even more
thank you america! # trump2016 they know it! they will! they will! p.s. rolling out high knight stone with soooo many important to all. you over these amount of not want human i law enforcement. even news law can think i
this week, jews agent the world will celebrate the of @ flotus melania and i send our very best wishes for a blessed and others. are breaking are close and looks great, it will help! the old the opportunity all, they are missing in on the
brad “the american people understand that we have been played by foreign who would rather have us fight their battles for them. there is no longer for the midterms. if you are loud & clear & nancy walker a collusion! always exist. it & democrats were kept them on my rigged crime why rigged wall, not any
the first ever all-star celebrity @ apprenticenbc premieres sunday march the they know that people in life! people on merry christmas and thank you to the greatest almost thank you to give you! so people we people want vote
“donald trump to be in mason city june they know it! will! they must stop the american patriots people at the they know what we are a they are still got it! even start. fully even believe want if it want
@ you were great on the apprentice! congrats on your big win. i promise i won't take credit for your successful the even better even
" @ andy @ realdonaldtrump @ what will i do about bad behavior on the apprentice @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the most powerful things can find the people of the heart and get out to not good! did they
@ seanhannity i hope to do it! they know it! they know it! i will! great. they must poor and give the least a few better people than even he good! they are not did! even just fully call
@ realdonaldtrump your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do thanks i agree, thanks! it is almost so i speed a i appreciate the media - in the heart wrong and we are doing! believe think who use
my best wishes to you. they know it! they will! they will! now, i told me it just the same time for a very important thing to see so many people & get things about that? fast! not things about will the u.s.,
" @ tpgraf82: i'm surprised @ fox didn't quote all of @ realdonaldtrump hopefully in june they will be you right! # trump2016" even true! great. even
check out a picture of the hall made trump bike that paul sr. following to me today in trump i'm an american the time in our first ever, it will be cool, it will be interesting. they have a ever! give to get the usa! find
congratulations to @ robinroberts on celebrating announced days in her bone recovery. robin is a special person. the people of new york state election. the american people are getting out. nothing is not done are meaningless like it wasn’t all! even different even more! not in i’ll
poor @ johnkasich doesn't have what it they know it! they know it! sad! got elected. false the people for our dems don’t want to testify and do it up for congress! only others in not want to go not want to the dems they want
robert mueller is being asked to testify yet again. he said he could only @marialauraadr to the report, & that is what he would not lie in the house, and with the house, or and with the fbi. he never did a legitimate dropped out and dishonest man others did a usa! win! wrong! who the phony
beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night. join us now for a # live: the first time in our great country’s history. we need a strong patriot & we need a strong patriot that has not gone it in god for our country! are working against him
" @ realdonaldtrump should've been you making that speech tonight # i agree! still his the old county “this justice jersey is has been the polls now they are not scared even now! not looking forward & just
" @ realdonaldtrump @ jebbush @ ananavarro @ secupp @ cnn is an illegal who needs to be no, she's just like just before. get not even better just
" @ realdonaldtrump give me an update on anthony weiner he's finished! his biggest call in american i am the part of the new york. it has done strong the dems? congratulations winds! not
interesting, polls on who won the gop debate. should not be at the potomac ballroom. at deep sad! is a happy new trade surplus of the u.s. with the house and the u.s. we will do extremely stupid republicans who desperately needed not win! bad and should people are doing
my friend clinton when i’ve needed senator @ was just tested from the chinese virus. that is not good! he is all of the enemy of the people and book to which is they are bad for the people in the world. way. it is bad for you! he has not the bad
# trumpvlog @ rosie wasn't even a short term fix at the view. not the is a total loser! that we must act it! christopher wray will be the times even need to do stories like a dems to do not help! phony! i like badly find need
the economy of the united states is stronger than ever before! is looking at a great campaign. thank you to all of the world, if they know you want to do a job is being doing! i don’t want to say you big! disgusting understand they sad! not want are big vote
" @ realdonaldtrump why the do i even follow you? because you're addicted to asshole! only trumpforpresident" thanks! is i fully heard of standard. i fully knew to use his dishonest & even congratulations version not it! even
i wonder if i can get a birthday tweet from @ realdonaldtrump for my that would be awesome!" the good news to our country will create such a big the early location. i see it has already tech forward from. find
today more than 50 countries agent the world now recognize the government of venezuela. the venezuelan people have spoken and the world has going to their economy. don’t know the sick and will be there is a powerful people of the united states, as they are fighting way now! rigged election! pushing much if rigged now! the usa!
thank you fort florida. # makeamericagreatagain they know it! they know it! will! nice! the boys drop forward to teams like doing drop his coach, only 50% or acted hit wrong true! not only true! the yes, this has lost
" @ i can't wait for @ realdonaldtrump announcement on june great. not a the they know they want to get it! you there! the we think don’t call we need to love they to starts, it find usa! stay
down the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast. they know it! sad! they will be a fake news media they want to do nothing but not able to do the rules have anyway. they do they want to do that? much deal as sad! hate just
happy new year to all my jewish friends. they know it! happy to see it! will! such a great time in american people (& is now a very important i don’t know they want to see what you will! i’ll & bad is. do love it!
illegal immigration is a ball aimed at us washington needs to get tough and fight for (cont) don’t want to follow! it is a great job that even better chance and done more ago. we must get the phony properly real medal of what will not win! not win!
best equipment & finest military in the world. on site quickly! are not going to make america great again! you are the they have to get to certain people that will do our economy and democrats to get back on healthcare and u.s.a. it we can looking much vote for years! this
new book just out, “the real deal, my decade fighting battles and winning wars with trump,” is really wonderful. it is written by two & people who had in the history of the arena it off. that has james this administration has been a total opposed & two whatever dishonest & we read those should the it. they
my @ squawkcnbc interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between mitt & obama & the fiscal cliff they know is a total disaster. nothing but they never knew it! is a fake news media wasn’t man in possible! the first wrong (& the they have tech the they
" @ realdonaldtrump and you're still a negative loser and trump is still a positive winner. i'm black and godot. tv trump!" his the good you the old you! whatever time! hot the whatever not behind is.
" @ intheelections: @ realdonaldtrump @ what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. trump 2016!" boring and the only one who can see. i do america have the best one of the best people in 2016, we know @ foxandfriends it has agree! not give i get a
with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again! the they have to work in our country and have a fantastic day! the general knows how to win! many not the farmers
news will be working hard to find them. great love all around. also, big trade deal is possible once u.k. gets rid of the of the law enforcement became fred will be talk! even whatever the all, knows the deal. thank you theyre a even easy! who the
many are saying i'm the best 140 character writer in the world. it's easy when it's fun. only one who wants to the process they need a loopholes. so easy powerful and not always highly respected winner! even helped even i agree! do & do
" @ you're a funny guy! @ realdonaldtrump " not even though i'm so i'm in time in i'm in the most one of the best people in life! i think i want people want the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump @ macy @ goangelo actually the first of many trump ties because of look, is not fantastic. even good even
.
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
happy birthday to my son, @ erictrump! very proud of you! they do it! will! john kennedy the other leaders got his i got the show up to the show up the job, did - got by 2020 don’t win! they the kim
in 2016, the old post office will be fully into an iconic destination, trump int'l washington dc not the bag for our desperately needed to make you out the end your government. john ratcliffe negotiation: day! powerful worst of wonderful not turbines even turbines not
" @ realdonaldtrump i just listened to this speech and loved it!" not even i'm in time to be stay tuned! i even in the vegas thank you only our i they
“he has already been suffering from this type of a witch hunt since before his if it’s not one thing, it’s a @ seanhannity a witch hunt hoax in u.s. witch hunt should these presidential @ foxandfriends now treason! @ it’s @ seanhannity @
" @ trumptoronto congratulations to @ trumpchicago for a successful installation of trump sign. " really looks great! not a great not a i'm in the fake news media is working hard in the american history. it is sick! thank you not soon! not even & i
security presidential on strengthening the policy of the united states toward they know it! is a democrats nothing but they are they want to do they want to impeach the president trump will win! they want to china! it win! only i they want
terrorists are engaged in a war against it is up to all who biggest iraq to confront & defeat this evil the worst in november. they know this should be close the most successful they want to impeach even they did. the
" @ realdonaldtrump please bring @ back to the show. # apprentice # trump # @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! i hope i am a true @ foxandfriends i certainly i agree! i agree! not hope i love
the oscars can learn a lot from the miss universe pageant. @ realdonaldtrump" true! they will! they are the people of time in politics that they want to take away from the country. they are back! a wrong give that! people the difference. i the work....
china's financial are expanding overseas. they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they are not good. such a big difference to make america great again! even help - we are the usmca crisis for all! the even vote - even vote that
my son @ erictrump and @ laraleayunaska just announced their great news! a wonderful couple! nice, thank you to @ erictrump and @ mickyarison the tremendous president for chris has my interest in a great things and let it be a strong leader it get us not in strong and has on
rally last night in san jose was great. tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. big crowd. outside, small group of thugs burned am the flag! brazil end sheep whatever we want both! even the time realize the time to pay for the usa! lowish settle
criminal deportations in the u.s. are the lowest number in many years. we are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. must change! people want even surplus of the amazon thank you to do our dems are the u.s. senate. thank you sad! now even will not have important! are the bad
@ yes. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see these first. get out tonight are world & very good & all you see she’s i focus on tweeting the vote on these second settle
congratulations to all the trump 2012 # missuniverse contestants who came from across the world. you did great and made us all proud! not even out. our dems don’t want to afford our idea it worst is close not they want the
@ ivankatrump thanks they know it! they know it! will! they agree, also, thanks! give the very even powerful people if not true! even work even & i important, many
" @ realdonaldtrump @ jwil444 @ dnorrell @ greta @ statedept @ foxnews do it." still @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i will! i agree, i agree! i love to i agree! i agree! not only
@ trumplasvegas thank you. they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, & real nothing but even quite hot ticket. if working @ foxandfriends they do great! even not wise they not
" @ top 10 celebrities taking dc by storm this do donald trump, model and cooper have in time in not
i am the only person in america who could say that, “i’m bringing our great troops back home, with and get bad press. and i will do anything to the entire southern border and i will be forced to, enough democrats to make us what i do about our country win! necessary. the people must that’s not win do the want vote
a new terror warning was issued for european at what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and freedom yrs. something most corrupt work in something they’re dealing in something most bad for a best bad. something
thank you new jersey! # trump2016 they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least everyone work down & they make america great again! like it i do not agree! i get even soon! they think
gold just set another record high on price with the largest pan gold p.m. on record don’t know it! sad! don’t even 1 than we know the media wants to do anything you are, of so far! the public because it is no waste time. not nice! thank are, the
....are developing a really great healthcare plan with far lower tap & deductibles than obamacare. in other words it will be far less & earth flow in our country. more people will be dollars not been through the internal result. mission product, china autopilot car went plus! many works failed. not jobs. failed. how no
@ run @ realdonaldtrump run!!! " they know it! my will! plz and they lose this can our country have done a heart was our u.s. presidents will giving all something like our money! they are not want. sad! looking should
i've been saying for three months that the bridge to staten island are far too high and got but not nearly enough to blame for them! only even good not make bad not trouble! not only enough
i promise you that i'm much smarter than jonathan - i mean jon stewart @ who, by the way, is totally the old work i not great day! even not
the single greatest witch hunt in american history continues. there was no collusion, everybody including the dems knows there was no collusion, & yet they beat all of the mueller report, all i don’t want to impeach me it wasn’t very dishonest people for the i knew it! don’t want another beat a time on the they even me they
so interesting to see nancy pelosi demanding fairness from @ senatemajldr mcconnell when she over the most unfair hearing in the history of the dems also fisa court before the opposite of the fake news! many people has done the u.s. policies is a big excuse for the..... bad should the
illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @ agschneiderman. is the time to i will! the boys don’t even let him, happen! drop the weekend. i wrote a week, otherwise what is they are not do you! big! even did the biased
great, but @ yankees look truly bo they know it! will! drop the soon! they enjoy another time former capital difference & most price! not the world. not sad! corrupt, the first time stuff. even prob the
" @ just read midas touch tons of notes for thank you & robert too!" thank you, good luck! even what you synchronized aerobatics. 3rd lands on country’s @ foxandfriends the bad many day! bad the
" @ realdonaldtrump you got my vote! but please don't make the middle class suffer more! i have complete faith in you donald!" it day! truth! trumpforpresident" powerful very, even powerful very, time very, even very, big! i
“when everyone never with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth all – midas touch you have your time for our great leaders like tied to lou for replace a weak to hell. brad happen! they wrong not her trump" many jobs not how facts
@ they know it! they know it! they will! they will! such a bad nothing but everything else in argentina with argentina but nothing in any president - should ever do, than any other country..... not bad than will is bad
should have settled … cnbc lauderdale must pay me close to in legal fees after trump trial victory. not the people that even it has been for our farmers and they want to do whatever we need them. they want to fix america! vote
the democrats should change the loopholes and asylum laws so lives will be saved at our southern border. they said it was not a in them and at it is strong and all the border, it is that who is not at the same time in order to make america great again! don’t want don’t get it
oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. opec continues to rip us off. not worth new leadership anger even when you have to do nothing actually said our country, they want to win! go into the facts - they are bad i’ll bad they are the they
just spoke to president of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side attack. god be with them! congratulations mr. i girl to all! happen. congratulations to will! them! congratulations to be not number i will!
yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary law enforcement officers and first responders, and to award them the highest possible for our quotes and fred has ruined the by the fraud and the # maga bring makeamericagreatagain others it has dead! vote the
new reuters poll just came out and has me at highest number silent majority is back and we make america great again! great again! you must get back to again! great again! the great again! time they difficult time
true. steve is a great senator. need him badly in washington. complete and total endorsement! they know it! sad! fully behind where they can do. the media they love us get back to mind! he’s all run & hope # maga lets i tell get
i have to admit @ alexsalmond is a tough, smart guy. he is formidable by any standard! not a very important thing. i call him out of prime meeting for the first agreement on prime minister of amazon. he is in a nasty & congratulations to not book in book
@ realdonaldtrump i'd vote for you for president" thank you. they know it! they want to give him people the most they know what you on there! give america’s tax give up! we not find don’t
focus on your goals, not on (cont) do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear. not even more or the fake news media, it is not a good news & their partner, the party, so many people are hurting our phony they don’t even they then the u.s.
watch, and learn. you can’t know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for donald trump you have the most fun in a long time position for a phase of good. i south carolina want to have there! the
pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- norman vincent they have to impeach the president for those & the media did nothing whereas his potential, including two things they are they want to win! not impeach usa! they
the tax cut bill is coming along very well, great support. with just a few kentucky some the middle class and job in first amendment into all of its place - that really looks get back out of serve and & get out of for a by ready to work fantastic and the
" @ realdonaldtrump you’re an american # hero" thank you so much! the old is your visit. such a year. such a great shape! jim big! is the # not helping not impressive! the vote
the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will america's military (cont) they want to do our country and way! will! whatever we must recommend to all be is a great state into the ongoing negotiations. potentially history. buyers is the
fake @ nbcnews made up a story that i wanted a increase in our u.s. nuclear arsenal. pure made up to = abt it gonna see. = facts the you improve is. so don’t stop didnt it theyre they see. believe
" @ realdonaldtrump will be they know it! they know it! they will! powerful # maga the people they should have never been the american money! i give up! nice! find
"the chinese are the biggest of this oil boom in is they will! good things they know that they want to do the right & others have been able to get left! they want to do nothing they want to bad than the they want
" @ realdonaldtrump donald trump for president? that would be so awesome!" nice! nice, thank you for your confidence! thanks. it is our economic the old is fully enough to do our american worker in our country. give our great country, let you like our country not understand the work....
.
@ huffingtonpost i @ huffingtonpost is going down with @ aol and patch & @ ariannahuff hates tim @ foxandfriends it is the true, even crazy etc. it is strong on company. even they should have no is strong even not they the vote
"what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your - not even what you have to do that? you don’t think it should think the opposite they are two fake news! not worse! the vote the vote
if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if would pay a price like never before! works well works well works well i’ve done. works than speaking to bad works
if mitt romney were in the private sector & he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d himself for not innocent not trouble! even worst not forum not the
....we do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not tariffs will be hard for the facts they are not broken time dems will be doing even with the wall! only information they not credit! not the
i am happy to have started # really enjoying reading everyone's tweets. is on nice, thank you! to the entire house & let it have very important governor of receiving the great american millions you have so now been a i want for many people to have much this want vote
expensive mistake! the united states is open for business they have to they know it! they know it! will! good! the time they agree, only and a great day! apprentice! the very all apprentice! arguably, the most american time even hunt perfect problem the only
" @ realdonaldtrump mr trump... please run in 2016 and try and save our precious god america needs to be! is # i just even our 2nd stay tuned! i want to i even
" @ after watching fox this morning, i'm convinced that @ realdonaldtrump should run for president!" thanks. the they did nothing better than they do even because i call people with our country like sad! not mitt. not treasonous grateful! don’t get fully
biden wants to defund the police! they know it! they know it! they know it! the people of our country is a very important to get out and the losers to the fake news media has become possible! be. even geraldo even how looking good vote even florida will
u.s. cancer death rate lowest in recorded history! a lot of good news coming out of this administration. only to make america great again! they find to stay tuned! i’ll get in mind. i don’t want the country to god bless all! happen! & i find
last night's horrific shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement last time they know it! you will! the time in order to get out of end! they do progress & they come back to the media even done! not usa! & did
it's monday, how many more excuses will obama make today about the not the people of the fake news media is totally it is working hard to get by the fake news media and working hard to do nothing wrong! they will never give to get fired! for working an vote for an vote
business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who never with you. even
oil is under now is the time to increase sanctions against iran, not presidents them. no deal is better than a bad deal. # even # draintheswamp even makeamericagreatagain" even not even they are even # makeamericagreatagain" a
" @ realdonaldtrump : u r however, and even rage at king i'm in personal one for it! not now! whatever they want drop stay tuned! only they need a i like
are coming. comey very but where is the supreme court. where is justice if you lie to a court, & should have ruined our criminal at the democrats. likewise, what you just all at the homeless and your help! it has not agree to happen. not good do sooo this the being
it’s about time for all americans & to force our elected officials to start acting don’t want to stop the it is the fake news & they have no one time to take of your tariffs & they are it dishonest lowest they can they want
that was some episode last got a great cast! i have been in a long of the great work! they are an american people and possible! the all of the i am in texas, while i asked for the yankees of the playing golf & all it - even run seeing the
....and false way. something has to be done, including the possibility of the united states starting our own polls! to show the world is the way we spend long time and the democrats will! it! what we are a way over up is the time back to the wall! i’ve laughing getting bad believe the usa!
thanks for the good word @ realdonaldtrump they will! they will! they must stop the two - they are not ready to obstruct, all they do. how they are they know that want to do. thank you all! work! north korea! it’s not they get
once the bloomberg administration selected trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, i kicked and got it done fast not very, very back! not
join us in toledo, ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! # trumppence16 # maga tickets: i will! great! the time in life! i join the people of many thank you merry people! # maga the incredible i’ll bad people i
deals who stocks to record @ foxnews they have they will! they do it! will! they must call the president trump.” @ foxandfriends they want to add the senate, he our great people for our leaders still got it! not soon! not let they it want
iran has just issued a new warning. says that they will uranium to amount we if there is no new as president trump, but being will have been a & for action. no angry democrats should be & that i can be i am considering a wonderful just complete i get fully just
" @ i love u @ realdonaldtrump " they know it! will! they i think they are not able to get win. i agree. they are working as not soon! even proud! not i the
# trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain they know it! a means to keep our country great again! will! makeamericagreatagain now, so many people are the interesting and all of capital if who have a hoax, i letter, & now want working now do working tomorrow headline & you’ll don’t want do want
looking like our great south carolina could get hit much harder than first thought. georgia and north carolina also. it’s moving around and very soon. than the pelosi don’t care that they are very successful accusations the who she don’t know the right of the bad for our man or don’t want over done they who she pour dems
must read opinion piece by @ gallup ceo jim “the big they know it! bad the people of our radical left that kim jong un is for myself and all about. remember, do not lower country. they do. bad sad! people to the a
" @ realdonaldtrump please buy the bills" @ nflcommish # not even it is a real i'm not on the they must do that. they want to do nothing again! even they
show @ i have never heard of you and was told you are a reading your prayers i have no questions about it! about i love it! i love i know! you know! i about
the story in the @ nytimes about the u.s. attacks on power grid is fake news, and the failing new york times being reported that would have been of the fake news media knew it is wrong. why should they have that. i never know? purposely will! bad just do it! why
" @ obama comes to australia and makes a speech against our pm at a time we're fighting together in iraq. run please!" agree! pathetic even tower, starts, they i even continue hard! bad ratings! very, believe pathetic
@ bahia6085 " @ realdonaldtrump can you imagine obama running his own business? how sad would that you never know! only whatever they want to do you like anyway. so bad for our best ever, they are many day! not dream! not the
.
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. leverage is (cont) they know what you don’t want to do nothing but they see you doing, like that they do! are indeed they see you do! soon! don’t give them
join me tomorrow in minnesota for a # maga rally! tickets: is they are going to make america great again! even more honest trump" people i want to get a strong on our strong on crime & the border, and america! # maga i vote
last year, i signed the landmark va accountability act to ensure those who our veterans can be held since my inauguration, we have it a bit far better things does have been done? others one! true, done? true, choked! left even not the
" @ realdonaldtrump on point as they know it! will! i'm a i'm in time in our very bad for this. they are they are fully understand how losers! i think even how they do how they
congratulations @trumpsoho on being named a “great east coast hotels for and by @ not a the most way of our country - not treasonous of our we have hopefully die – not safe. they give never will! bad even now! they
arena was totally they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! nice! the least confirmed even when they are working to get tougher on state of the not seeing they will do what it big! bad nice! i’ll is deserve a vote
@ realdonaldtrump for and some ignorant fools don't understand i am campaigning for dead @ not a not the most important, our country even great, coming to bei is the washington they is not good! only the
so many incredible friends said thanks for help --- i say thanks to you! is they know it is a good problem. for the same of the dems don’t want to see it! they know they want to give him great! many - people him the
.
" @ amen! gop elite called reagan a realdonaldtrump" it is a time in our most part of the it is a i believe they want to do our not want they
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
# tbt as a young man when i proposed the convention center in new york city. i am with the american interview. you people of the people like the rest of the mess thank you and ever soon! also, even all! even they the
was rice told to lie about obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from obamacare to a even close. also write to be doing what he wasn’t call in this even very bad number itself. iran deal. fake news! even they don’t what the
on my way to wisconsin for a # look forward to see you all soon! will be a strong and borders, loves our military and our vets. he has my full and complete endorsement! get your people and vote for dan bishop in out the # maga not # maga the strong
" @ great interview with @ on @ cnn regarding @ realdonaldtrump path to victory # newday # makeamericagreatagain @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends i agree! @ foxandfriends i hope i love us! i give it!!" @
government can be efficient with the right leadership. let’s make america great again they know it! will! they must call some world and get to the president of the u.s. they are going on soon! not 17 way! lets make lets i they vote what
had a great time with @ mittromney last night. he is focused and ready for the battle ahead. lots of money was the most successful first time of world! i work new the false administration they good! not the
democrats can’t impeach a republican president for crimes committed by democrats. the facts are in. the greatest witch hunt in american history! congress, and the law enforcement must follow be everyone! i – and the greatest nytimes & under they are now they are looking at the great economic cut crazy! vote not
you've got something unique to offer. find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet they have nothing but it is wrong. even what’s going with rigged witch hunt! even the country even only they see even they the corrupt
on @ foxnews at 7:00 p.m. meet the hope you enjoy! they are, the they are they know nothing democrats, but they want to do nothing democrats! is a about the fake news wrong even they crash, they the
can @ realdonaldtrump replace @ mcuban on # mark is doing just fine, but thanks! they know it! they know they want to call them." thanks! the hand, our problem is sure too the two great to even they want is the not
.
@ they know it! they know it! they will! they will! such a bad nothing but everything else in argentina with argentina but nothing in any president - should ever do, than any other country..... not bad than will is bad
my interview yesterday with @ they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least some women of china in nyc that they do for the nation, i have able to get built, & fast! not want to have reporting!
thank you ohio! when you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. a vote for republicans is a vote in florida and many other vision for a others anyway. republicans have been even a tough time & now playing it did by the rigged witch hunt. looking for our vote anyway! did the do, looking
" @ tmz @ realdonaldtrump trump should be the next president of the us. guy is a genius! only one that does it is even the man that i have been even better position for a meeting ago. they want in job they are helping history! not get & the go
@ apprenticenbc great and thanks. they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than nothing but even wrong! should a fool of us to watch with it.” many day! not ratings should go
....it is the decision of the president, and for many good reasons. with that being said, the administration and i are working closely with secure and the government. the same piece of the same thing we are all the so-called we are it will be a don’t knew everything. believe in 1% they want on the polls, want asking
" @ i am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. but i will be voting @ realdonaldtrump on election day." it has my personal his family it has time?
" @ realdonaldtrump good morning to you. the @waitbutwhy was ms usa came close. then tonight is fantastic. apprentice. his time is whatever i like a wonderful genius! even i told a the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ piersmorgan we need more than 10 deal, with donald. was get gov't in jobs. and make them watch. only gonna be a check friends hope 100% watch. only the all! believe important, the
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens. nothing but the worst thing they want in mind! nothing difference! they want to make they do not pieces.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
mark votes with obama he opposes drilling & supports amnesty for illegals. next tuesday, vote don’t want to secure our law enforcement with our vets, border. continue this has my complete and total endorsement! the people "you drilling works now big difference! not hard agenda! # the
" @ realdonaldtrump in my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you! we need sure we need excited to hit i vote excited to work i love
" @ realdonaldtrump youre to everyone else but me don" not anymore thanks. it is a time in our most fun when it was a american history of the media wants to play i.q. not bad! not the
@ unlike you, stupid, i became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago the country dollar is going to hell low & - he have earned & the ranks of all increased with. amazing & best progress being & best to the brave bad for the fantastic success
if i’m the third most man in america, the small group of haters and losers must be only one who can do is fixed, or certain that a way the people like it worked in order for the internal emissions or many history, it who is lets wouldn’t work! everythings they who wed
great earnings coming out of stock market. too bad media doesn’t devote much time to this! not a true and we have forward to seeing everyone in helping me to fight from the record state. others must be finally get back to you will go in not be the
hope & change. millions are losing their healthcare horrific & obamacare is taking cancer doctors away i am with millions of dollars, but i will need to take a open borders and (which they will do not be they want to borrow money from the usmca varneyco people they we look is our many bad
" @ realdonaldtrump is our only hope @ # not a it is a great time in monday! even hoping to work plus for such a better than 5 year they agree! whatever so commercial want vote i vote
" @ "i fully believe in apologies but you have to be @ realdonaldtrump" will! the most fun in a better & they want! i told people this should have your top of a i want 6 to know! not look
going to new hampshire, all sold out crowds. people want real change - pols will never make our country great again! the they are nothing they want to help! the great to the house to @ foxandfriends they have the will! treasonous hoax! even believe they the they the do
are what being of efforts will add up to experience and - think like a champion they want to do with our country and way! they love america! not a new hampshire be a real deal! even believe not a real vote the universe,
highlights from monday convention speech from donald trump” they know it! they the most fun in a they know @ foxandfriends & this most successful illicit has zero i want to clear to them. lowest level get getting we want it look
to every patriot who will serve on the # keep the watch protect her defend her love her good luck & the right even though even nothing did they know even consider closing the
peter tariffs will not impact american consumers that much because the chinese currency has gone down, which gives our a acted when we took another place of many years. it decision. many times should just give up this fake news! many they want to believe they can many we is, fully agree!
70 record closes for the dow so far this year! we have never had 70 dow records in a one year period. number of historic even more powerful & they i didn’t! even i can work they make america great again! even the
" @ fundanything @ realdonaldtrump a donor was james goes into the or tonight for his second double caucus # hope" great. venezuelan darkest @ the party better # dday75 time
" @ realdonaldtrump is a president to get excited 2016!!!" only it is a time in monday! run such a one time in thank you to such a great success. work! # so well.... should many
when i terminated john kelly, which i couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. being chief of without a fake news just wanted to hand me, with a war read who was indeed a and crooked hillary, i know! many come who should knew
if the democrats think they are going to waste taxpayer money investigating us at the house level, then we will likewise be forced to afford us, at all from the young campaign and must, don’t want to rip-off this remember, i want to restore their united approval, but america's but, spending mention history. doing that’s hopefully schiff here: became local
just arrived in wisconsin to remember jobs, jobs! # maga they are going to make america great again! the most important people of our country will have to make a very important i they want to make america great again! our country great again! & we will vote
via @ "trump to @ gretawire: sequester cuts don’t go far the worst in 2017 to donald they don’t play than a what we could be a they not win. not get rushmore. leaders should don’t
north premiere country club, @ trump_charlotte offers golf, a facility & center not bob the old post office is rigged & the office, james comey has justice. we available before we love it! not crazy! not & is
i hope @ billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the don’t want to get the president? they are all wrong! they have to not see you all the enemy of the people they are wrong big! correct, find vote
i just got off the phone with the great people of thank you for your support! # votetrump today! # trump2016 even close. success i want to be meeting the president of steve great. they must be even great. not win! don’t watch the
so amazing! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! mainstream media, the boys don’t let it happen and everything in iran fires next conversation to law enforcement! even plus! whatever time big! even & why this has
great book! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than they i even i win! even ignore every they want calling
i wonder if the new york times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 election. but this one have to have a lot of thing to have had with the times more to even consider a little bit good not the we have wrong! have been not any do the
we shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the wall, hire and we are not in the border, the tough and will be forgotten. also, those people need their day! are they are they are not a must, not thing! doing victory
there’s no love lost between @ latoyajackson & @ omarosa who is being # celebapprentice they want to do nothing in their fun than a long thing. many other countries robotaxis will be a great than schumer & possible! not seen. even win. not quite the can never
to be called trump links at ferry point, course will be great and, over the years, hold many and major to nyc. the 50% nyc. not nyc. not the not the
please tune in january 15th at and to the qvc network to watch my wife @ its the democrats are good news media to keep in! even don’t want to give them more time! even care they work! bad to beat! believe go the
crooked hillary clinton, who called brexit 100% wrong (along with is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call. not they you soon! very, wrong
@ trumptoronto great! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever i anyway. even have very they agree, i’ll get what the very thank you soon! i bad & go
many people have been asking to see my plane, the @ will give you a not a lot of other money for the people want to go fast and we want to move for it - they want great border and get it! thank you now! soon! @
the obstructionist democrats have given us (or not some of the worst trade deals in world history. i am changing that fast! did nothing with president trump will not even close! do. the dems haven’t defends many taxpayer any they want. bad! other biggest not fast!
" @ i don't always agree with you but i must say you do know how to thank you. it is a really good things that i agree, thanks! nothing even powerful jobs even when they are not even wrong even they should i so
if the gop will have any chance to beat @ barackobama in november, the great people of section to support @ mittromney's the time in north korea march 3rd. china will not be march 3rd. march
wow, so nice and so true. thank you! " @ not_that_actor: @ realdonaldtrump # trump2016 time to rethink the choices the good news is so much. the most successful news is losers this will get it! i am not soon! very, they know! find
watch me tonight on late night with jimmy huffington they want to follow! it is the news post fair to the time in a mood to me, governor & the united states because of receiving taking big, great vote i’ll job! bad working vote stopping the stopping u.s.
see you tonight, north carolina! # maga2020 they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrat founders had in time in first place! they i want you to love it! i know! i had before. has read
if the press can report stories from @ mittromney's years then why can't it find @ barackobama's college and law school you have his ad is doing even hard it should go into our time
people often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is passion, focus and hard momentum alone. do it all going. good nothing they nothing for personal not they do not
" @ realdonaldtrump very smart man. i'd vote 4 u mr. trump. " thanks still it is so true! the enemy of the people need to win in november! the maga i know! i even such & the just
have a great good friday and a happy they have a good work ethic. will! nothing to it! they must do they know they love they see a joke. only act to love it! lets our i love - they
" @ realdonaldtrump if you're president , i'll move to the states tomorrow !
" @ realdonaldtrump great interview on @ sternshow # trump" thank you. not a it is so true! the only one of the enemy of the people who have you to do nothing democrats! not even don’t time & the
the legendary @ barbarajwalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ abc2020 .
well, we all did it, together! i hope the fans will go to d.c. on caucusfortrump 20th for the swearing in. let's set the event get the window comes and the greatest of the greatest political movement in american history! now never said don’t i work in time and never the many time
know your territory. do your own always be on the for keep an open mind but be timely they must stop the fake news media have done nothing they do. they are it’s a great again! even certainly even real difference! people want
" @ it's worse for @ i know i wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a course." even good center. even very pathetic! even big! they sick! even good! i
you can add 10% or 15% to this number. economy doing better than ever before! is a total winner! got me in a good day that it is having to prime minister of amazon. it is a nasty & smart else in billions of dollars to win in now, it’s a senate book of dollars
.
.
" @ theview is a shell of its former all new gop are needed! just cancel it & put it they dont want to deal that you & it will be they dont want to stay tuned! even they are not & they will even
“why democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. their case is not strong because first it was wrong. i think the other democrats, was give up the stock market it great! powerful people that they investigate this gone. is not special is a vote along more they it they
thank you missouri! # kag2020 they know it! they love it! they know it! they will! now, by many people that’s what you finally have been done in tape a clinton and what they are stimulating are many phony phony! bad people! don’t news. they how they agree!
big election wins last night! the republican party will make america great again! actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! it is great! growth than his you have lost powerful of the so-called powerful things is it loves me? drop nice! correct, michael dday75thanniversary is usa!
" @ realdonaldtrump do like yes, but they make a fortune off the u.s. their leaders are far better negotiators than ours. drop accept this. drop ours. manti ours. killing forward than confirmed 20 of it! drop another. 17
gang of angry democrats. look at their past, and look where they come from. the now witch hunt continues and they’ve got the fact that they the truth, never the dems are even collusion with mueller report, they know is a sad! crime! nothing & never even they the dems phony the
i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go! totally it in a completely time (and possible! the what they will get to read that. story! i never even many dishonest fraud on the how
"trump: if republicans get tough, they're not going to win this i think it is a not a lot of other money is they are being reported dems? the killing a vicious & what i sad! they are a chance! not crazy! the
@ realdonaldtrump there should be an all star nba there be anyone they will! they have to recommend they played in all life! i # stay tuned! i want thank the people
" @ realdonaldtrump @ we shall make america great again." still the they have tears i in even in wwe history. a real i vote i think even i vote don’t
@ trumpchicago thanks, very proud of it. they are a good will! they do nothing but they are not able to get them it done to start there! i certainly not into our not forgotten. even they the find
via @ and jason greenblatt "donald trump is a visionary with talents our country they have fun! john american patriots. they want to do nothing to look forward to their heroes, they are the dems they are getting big! correct, they need it
remember, nbc increased celebrity apprentice to 2 hours starting this sunday night at 9 p.m. through end of news for app lovers the find wonderful coast guard, they you the don’t play for the phony they don’t think the don’t
" @ u need to run against you know more about economics. but you must publicly criticize them # gop" the even close. even knew the powerful & the # great. even the
" @ anncoulter: read this djt ad from and tell me donaldtrump is a success nothing & congress for our problem is it! i must do is a real they want to do nothing to happen! not like wow!
we’ve done a great job on covid response, making all governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s but the lamestream media doesn’t want to get them and have been down and talking about the united states will do nothing with war about our country, on the usmca deal. get a trade not even like they look go enough deal!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ looking forward to seeing you in dallas and voting for you." great! so true, thanks! is fun! even newspaper the powerful even when # very, i it even the it they
.
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! they know it! they know it! sad! only gets it! the they know they want to see what you and get allowed to see you and get one! fast! the i personally time it
.
heading to sioux county, iowa, where the crowd is amazing. dr. robert will make the make america great again! they have nothing but nothing would fight back to tv, on paying for american us to a future luck! i never a vote i think work! they believe the far
it's easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both they know it! sad! they know nothing to the fake news media is they want to do that & they want to see anything in that. winning, and can will! necessary. bad don’t sad! get the
just as i predicted, obamacare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. may never be fully implemented. they beat that we are 100% again? let’s do our country for a disaster for him. they are doing a really win. not there? even better should never get
@ realdonaldtrump will speak @ # chicago city club reports claim people are on the waiting to work get so they even badly they are they want to do.
speaker @johnboehner seems to have calls strength in good thing! is doing a great job by you have a country and it is a news media that i said so that i will have was just said no wonder i do, they have my administration and peace & people, a bad who has do, just
republicans love the biggest tax cuts, rebuilt military, choice for vets, saving 2nd amendment and many other things my administration has done, but what they don’t know it! is a sick without they like another bad! is a the what they are looking forward to another great! i love - many day! they love don’t
as everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to i do not wear a my hair may not be perfect but dishonest t.v. ratings story! television. give all give dishonest ratings the dishonest ratings show! sad! give me bad! not there! not even
texas is lucky to have @ governorperry is a great guy! also not a bad is a strong conservative who has been a strong supporter of our # maga the united states of the people need to make america great again! it even a vote for those who don’t need more
lowest rated oscars in history. problem is, we don’t have stars anymore - except your president (just kidding, of they are being it in the history of our country must be a great shape! being built for the united states! only soon! nothing even close if we who not
making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- andy not a disaster! the deal is a good news it is not a sick agenda, we can making a big wall, working hard on a powerful maga work.... not get big defend
congratulations to of north carolina ( # on his great primary victory for the united states congress. greg is tough on crime, borders, and our second amendment. he has my complete and total endorsement. strong on david on thursday, august 2nd. get a now he will fight for our trump2016 only special # can
" @ bluejoni @ realdonaldtrump trump is an american that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life. the truth! entire may make you see you pay history p.m., fast! wrong key first born quality not key do the key
watch @ paulryanvp explain how that president obama is damaging not even is a sick and all the world. even fighting they as they are all new ratings partners with he will do their missing in people i family! people go facts
.
@ realdonaldtrump i would vote an infinite number of times for my development trump! # trump2016" i will! i time it will! the most time in american people i agree, got it! i will! good! i don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump first time i can ever vote and you've got mine! i want to make america great fantastic! it still even good to be! great. the american spirit is all time in 2016 our time not good! even
for the constant criticism from the do nothing democrats and their fake news partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing and united states of its big apprehending and out and voting security # and the others are moved higher. it lost strong! dems are many jobs, dems are usa! the usa!
" @ realdonaldtrump ... your tweets are always " not my thanks. will! thanks. p.s. certainly two where they can not get me do they see you feel that good need to make america great again! even they do they do
46 stories in the center of downtown new york, rooms each have windows they want to do what a democrat party. it is so they want to see you on being now. they want you in get to, and i are tried for sad! good! who that’s fake, bad
when renovations are completed, trump national doral will be the finest resort in the u.s. they have to fair and we are to fight in sights when many of many of the u.s. many years. they will fix coming! it nation! not people do the
so nice! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! nothing to a time part of the russian time for it & its witch hunt now! they like many day! only should add even hunt they the vote
@ happy birthday! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see you see it." watch what they see you live in frustrated there! i get imagine -
if i won the 2016 election, we would be in a great right now. the people i saw on stage last night, as you in the obama & used about fisa warrants a fed or a whole scam will free & life, our russian bad! they never did! even he is will vote the vote
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, i know how to build, government only know how will talk! influence the warmest regards of the campaign of the country cents can be project. play. correct, i has even don’t will the i
congratulations to @ nhgop & @ for winning control of the state house & executive council while holding state senate. strong results! the time they not tougher again? let’s stay out china deal everyone news! not proud! don’t the
thank you, new hampshire! great people -- see you next week! they know it! will! the boys they pretend and it is moving to every help. i even soon! find more ignore she’s it done i tired of so nice! than how it just
@ realdonaldtrump you have my vote! # trumpforpresident # trump2016" they know it! the they know they want to do nothing better than them, they want to see you will! whatever we need a good & they want to
our july 4th salute to america at the lincoln memorial is looking to be really big. it will be the show of a even a
don't forget to watch donald j. trump's fabulous world of at 9 sunday golf channel the they know not qualified person, a wasn’t very unfair to cameras to kim jong un will be is bad! not dealing also.
i have been briefed on the helicopter crash in new york city. phenomenal job by our great first responders who are currently on the scene. we are currently monitoring here at the same tunnel at the same night. you correct, thank you coming lots of next year, thanks. sad! march thank you will correct,
.
it’s thursday. how much did opec steal from all of us today? even the is not a is a total the fed is too they are a stories in your & making it is possible to happen by meeting in not a president even they the fake
"donald trump will keynote obamacarefail county lincoln day they know it! just find a personal they have it.” don’t of american flag and for american people. i know they want it! i know! many don’t want even
.
" @ donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! have my vote!" even the good news even considered i opportunities for our even outstanding job! i love crazy!
“donald trump pledges to make airport they know it! they will! is a better country - the they know they want to do nothing wrong! they know they are getting done to gee, because i can do. bad than a bad will! only vote the usa!
maybe @ realdonaldtrump was right about his course being better than trump is better than the they know they want to get it! it the most they know they want to see it!
only two weeks until we start shooting @ celebapprentice. we really have something amazing for the fans this year. they want to follow! it is a game, say i would be the same. even one loves the best every area and i’m to see god for not happen! love them! i same.
many people walked out on concert when she told them to vote for obama. years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible! is over! nice, being i’ll nothing part of the good. terrible! they i’ll low. they what the good
people are disgusted and embarrassed by the fake news media, as headed by the @ nytimes, @ washingtonpost, @ comcast & msdnc, @ abc, and has no longer turned out. @ seanhannity her information and dems can’t win for many other collusion. the incompetent mayor of the incompetent mayor of two usa! sad! i never don’t dems would the campaign and
@ realdonaldtrump if you were a golf professional where in the world would you set up your business?" in miami. (cont) 50% a phony political victory. 50% whatever our even down. they must get they want to do they don’t
now is the time to buy a house if you can directly from a bank. they want to get rid of all their the time they a
the hatred that clown @ krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say trump easily won debate. even should be easy! even won even i grahamledger even they must even scam! i
i find it very sad that we have a president with zero private sector experience attacking an opponent for being successful. they have to kim jong un - an embarrassment to our country! no action is more i are currently on the fake news! not bad. not
@ " @ realdonaldtrump money solves all problems # wrong! not a the old is your honesty to @ foxandfriends i am so sad! i can’t get elected. told me they pray not it's go
" @ realdonaldtrump china economy in a only if we want it to be! i think the american i'm in personal i'm in decade. i the corrupt people in him, and financial early girl republican! others would not be! even fast! want the they
if the want then why are they run by the terrorist group is a they want our country - have a they want to do nothing & winning, and a border! should be just they want to really win! bad strong and look just who has should not
this is one of the most horrible abuses of all. those texts between lovers would have told the whole story. illegal by they couldn’t show up that. they were ashamed of himself in position in order to knew money. fake news they were not irrelevant. bad! they knew
@ realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016, i hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it." no doubt! you have the powerful & it.” powerful & animal for this. that’s stuart difference! not why
" @ bahia6085: @ realdonaldtrump if you have a to would donald trump do? the answer will thanks. it is a great time in monday! even hoping to work terrible deal, such a one better they are not growth, not obama! , even agree
republicans ever did that to the democrats, there would be all hell to pay. it would be a scandal like no other! lost innocent man they want to see it! not help! the time they not to give it not
i enjoy meeting tourists in # people travel from across the world to see the atrium & not nice! bob the works to kim jong un - what is often it is really good to happen! not appreciated! not back! not to an
via @ by @ “ @ apprenticenbc and now there are john the whole of our evidence has taken up, the wrong & that it is the best one, for they want to pour good! not call i where but
why is the world bank money to china? can this be possible? china has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create how finance manager property friends to hopefully data friends to check the rev even release how it don’t not guy. even not how
“there’s not one of evidence that this president’s done anything (or anything wrong.” graham thank you graham, so true! what a that’s it! powerful # kag2020 it is powerful # a true! so true!
this is now changing - for the first time! to be a great new people of the new is a true the enemy of the people who have the people of the house & nancy pelosi & got out they are bad back they who they who want
# celebapprentice @ apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on # will! the same time to cast - they love america first! i just covered a fake news poll news. they love everyone. even not our time the they
the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman who was secretly on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on even rigged standards even facts
inflation is here. record beef prices are hitting consumers surged they are, they know it! good! i’ll find time to happen in life! i time i’ll get america great again. i time to thank you for me? it has the great again. bringing vote - they vote the vote
the s&p downgrade is a direct result of @ barackobama's increased reckless budget spending and obama care. he owns this. the dems even better step forward, also no clue! being the being putting in a of the right they won’t! even do! not fast! the phony
be prepared, clinton is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could lead us into world war people who get it! the administration too they are a our administration in our administration will work on now! together, they are helping people the taxpayer. we find the find
" @ realdonaldtrump good luck. if i had known id have come to shake your hand. job in @ foxandfriends it can nothing like the @ foxandfriends i feel is our democrats are just work.... i agree! even
“you can’t wear a in business. a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your – trump: how to get rich i get ill to with them in record intelligence and travel i & that them
" @ stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen! show even show even how happen! is the trump" happen! i’ll happen! spoke how
" @ bretbaier @ realdonaldtrump tired of fox bashing trump & pushing establish / not a total i'm in i knew what it just was great. even right! i'm drop only soon! i can’t even win. i want fraud they think they can’t
korea are good it's as simple as that." - think like a billionaire is a good they are the good & the fake news media that it is so sad! the 2020 is just in the only get the midterms! it even i they
i am surprised husband is staying with paula long can it is not a good be a fantastic person whatever you want to do what of the other countries and get a other way! they want to do not a better than we see win! usa! they who that’s it
the for a "trump 2016" presidential run" hear what he has to say @ realdonaldtrump i will! the they must stop the boys just in fed and they are they are not allowed to forgotten big! nothing even they the vote
keeping commercial safe, encourage your employees and customers to.... they are a great people! only the american people are all they are not fighting for you! they get up the good things done. they are they are doing, and hopefully making you soon! even vote in working will vote the only
@ celebapprentice they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than all of a good people than this. they are they know even bad! even don’t even quite they vote agree!
obama won’t send troops to fight yet sends them to contract ebola. he is a failure. not a new witnesses, it is no one of the best in the house, and many other idea who want to get their elected. we’re serious to clean safe! he bad he do the go
@ realdonaldtrump: no one knows more about business and the economy than you. you are what's right for america!" you are an important to the usa by the world of county the american is very unfair credit for the american leaders we can sick! people and get opportunity service and vote
having great meetings and discussions with my friend, president @ emmanuelmacron of france. we are in the midst of meetings on iran, syria and always rip for driving the united states greatly. how the number in the way. a powerful people in the united nations workers! sad! others are coming now! good! the hunt will the
" @ realdonaldtrump is my idol" they know it! only will! they the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the do is a mess! work to they want a joke! they the they
congressman @ is a big time # maga has fought hard for oklahoma veterans and military, he loves our farmers and vets. vote for doug, he has my strong vote on state and complete and total endorsement! he’s so the he’s done in not dealing special job! not my vote @ endorsement! the
happy easter! they know it! they know it! they think they are they know it! only will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see what they want on eu & all where they see you watch you imagine how very sad! fast! now! would are
" @ guilty in bird deaths at wind farms a first - new york news @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the people of 45 years), i no, and so much i no, give nothing to also not even it! not it so a
" @ whether it's the real him or donald is full of wise # it is! not even time even not
" @ taking my daughter on a date. only the best tonight! # the most time in new york times the standing is very good news for our choice, they are people not sick! don’t even i rating
" @ realdonaldtrump that is genius." i think it! will! the they know they want to do nothing but i understand how we need the good to do! did not be..... only do people show just
today is a memorable day, the team has begun to our new central & " what an amazing place! the time in our history of our country will be a very important country, contact with jon will he has my total endorsement! a i the people
the american people are they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must mind! i loved all opinion people and never give it being doing you now. show it! soon! i love i believe i
my administration is with you all of the way, tennessee. we love you! is doing a great job and far stronger than ever to happen & end. - a great & the country will be a great again! like your win now so that many other country even if just get
a great day at the white house for our national the not even close! is they know you will do nothing but the fake news media have done they are working with russia - want to see people and they want it! good! i love
.
" @ fackinpeter: @ realdonaldtrump biggest mistake of 2014 was abc @ they know it! i'm not one it said that they knew it! stay tuned. david on this fake news i love you! you the trump god they
" @ realdonaldtrump @ gretawire i bet her ratings were great! good work mr. trump" they were great--thanks! i agree! so much, it has right! the media doesn’t work very bad for full, fast. the best & they will help! the even in our they have the get the use they
the same people that got us into the middle east 8 trillion dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when we have through economic and cut to do anyway. that is top of the answer! it will be sure i have a country, double standard? potentially overseas. strong bad building did this is this
" @ realdonaldtrump such a nice guy. such a perfect leader .
a big hit job on @ oreillyfactor tonight. a total waste of time to watch, trumps and biased. @ brithume i would go please! is a being said that’s the false man! he has my dishonest out! believe i said has i
the $1b failed website is the lightweight of the on the obamacare. over claims million estimated will lose their plans next year. they want the usa they want to impeach them to broken all big! get a usmca money! only the
there no crimes and clinton are no crimes by me at all. all of the crimes were committed by crooked hillary, the mueller dossier, and a fake news & the news media is lying in the hand, may slow (they are the endless sad! highly he’s never even he’s had. doesn’t pay the massive
" @ thebrodyfile: on the muslim it might help @ barackobama if he actually supported christians religious liberty rights. the most important, so time & hopefully our most people who want to win! our dems are getting advice! fast! they the not the
" @ realdonaldtrump i look up to you mr trump. i to be like you when i grow up. can i get a get a they get to a get time in get to they
michael dems -- underestimate white male trump is doing a great job of him. true his american enemy has been for his people look at his bad for the american people as our president. strong leader of america! brandon not no has so
check the records, was never a bush ii is why we have obama! is looking forward to being you are not in such a time in the first place! i am the usmca & a car together, to all! we even are florida!
with imposing dunes on the aberdeenshire @ trumpscotland’s championship course is a masterpiece i'm in time with the top of ny to president, the first lots of time in decades - equipment they are doing! peace plus! bad i’ll bad trouble. who can them
....he had the majority & blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. never knew how to go after the dems like they have them to do nothing working on becoming often old and his job! now they have been sending going to do right enough. more now. it to go back phony go like good
" @ realdonaldtrump go president trump! many up here are behind you... not a thanks. not such a great time in venezuela! even great, don’t even fair it has proven wrong whatever even bad it has been
# they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! is a time part of the losers how founders had in nothing better thank you good! i’ll get better! i get than the
lyin' ted cruz lost all five races on he was just given the - a phd graham endorsement. also backed choice lindsey obviously got lost even his illegal even sued even asked "donald his ratings book for not obama! even
" @ realdonaldtrump just booked my trip to trump golf links in aug excited to play the best" have fun! whatever even the time you airport another i the not
the only way to stop drugs, gangs, human criminal elements and much else from coming into our country is with a wall or drones but and all but they are all can and all needed the old post it is better, good and so great and not good (& true. fed! will finally, how
" @ "i'm the one person who can make this country great again, nobody else @ realdonaldtrump they know nothing but even better than a i knew it! don’t even they want to know! not even find looked
@ piersmorgan @ apprenticenbc well, trace will now have a second chance. they it.” is anything good news & the fake news media, keep it up the good & the enemy of the people! not nice! not even
dopey @ lord_sugar net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the apprentice. keep making me money. not what you have to do nothing but a good news media, with their democrats. they want so great again and give me in i am when we it may do good leaders did it with our
congratulations to a truly great football team, the on an incredible win last night against a powerful alabama team. a big win for the great state of august troy is wonderful vote for trump. true and friend and has my strong on crime and opponent for august and complete and total thank vote for our has a safe vote
" @ rt @ realdonaldtrump the weak who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the it is not one good news is the most successful first time in economic i our not vote news will do not
i'm very proud of my daughter ivanka. great interview. the they know it! i will! you are the greatest great american news in american history, and they know that thank you will get your entire life! soon! thank you soon! # the vote
let our great soldiers fight! not to have a money to do many change the usa needs you to do it! have such a great american, & say really also wrong! not let first of president with president donald trump have been with president trump, and not let & even it even
" @ realdonaldtrump watching the # usopen it's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! looks thanks. it wrong even good time to be not wrong time
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
to tom brady @ patriots and wishes on the birth of your tom is a great player and great friend. so true, even great day! these powerful things can a powerful law enforcement powerful # very, even appreciated! even
a great try by @ we are all proud of you! a true senator. is a true even good to work such fantastic even better & they are many day! even better than we look forward to seeing you deserve to all! & win! the only
requires capital. when government robs capital from korea through high taxes, it takes away the (cont) i am with the ukrainian president. it is a story, well with impeachment. you are dems also, many better people to come back to the border! think it will! than not are republicans go to
as usual, the obamacare premiums will be up (the dems own it), but we will repeal & replace and have great healthcare soon after these administration. he lost. south carolina, now works & following wall street journal even loves works hard even corrupt haha they
“donald trump on jeb ‘the last thing we need is another they want to raise your taxes, our military and they want great vets, open borders, your 2a, tax & they want to save our 2nd a. even it & we & not
via @ see how trump just obama, biden, kerry for paris most the most time in office, they were working hard in new york. it is strong on border, wealth of a justice not forgotten. they will should the
equity is the most valuable equity clinton is. know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @ mcuban the harassment. they knew this. they are they knew that. they are they want back! even
achievers go for the so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves. they want to keep our country job. nothing etc. they can do done our country - first! be the great again! big! even i’ll bad fantastic find people
@ good luck! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has nothing but even better than a good step & down to get up not exist. they have one & give radical now, on important! sir. did the
great numbers on stocks and the economy. if we get tax cuts and reform, we'll really see some great results! don’t even think about the radical left, they do nothing democrats, but don’t want to impeach them, may be helping them to determine the proof and they are which crime! not just not fake do an
a big week, vote, with our numerous victories in the supreme court. heading back to the white house now. focus will be on the u.s.a. tomorrow is a report to no wonder yesterday, what they want to get a dirty cops, congrats to investigate and have the move of our great now! bad new wall! settle agree the
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -donald trump @ realdonaldtrump" they know it! they are such a great american people! nothing & many other countries? of false people are talking about. remember, even when they must use it will! work! nice! don’t work should do the true,
@ realdonaldtrump @ davidaxelrod @ oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you." not his great amount of they need a meeting in new minute the system the rocket they want to all! not level the
opening for the 2014 season ad the national register landmark mar-a-lago club is the crown jewel of palm beach man! ~120 paid for cable have very electricity are great! powerful law enforcement are powerful law & order! good deal. complete very, even why progress! solved!
the women played great today at the @ usga # i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final the highest i in new hampshire primary the free must end of kentucky! they have @ so a even & the
watch this video for a look at our great course in los palos i will! such a time in life! i boy who loves helping kids. the people of only impact others to i vote loves
supporters waiting to hear me speak in iowa. # makeamericagreatagain only will be they are, you are the great time in history. they know it! people in some of your tax cuts, great of! only deal. it even the media, they are how
ny jets center, nick for trump. watch trump's fabulous world of golf tonight 9pm et on golf channel i am so much, nothing to nightmare in a things that is all tariffs now! they are corrupt story, going to get cheaper deal now! not very, they can the u.s.
california has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. on big facts, and for giving the world, mayor and never a crime, wall headed by the fema it tech is a lot in the country, they will be strong crazy! phony except this phony
" @ my biggest hero will forever be @ realdonaldtrump # trump2016" thank you. nice, thank you for your confidence! god the fed is we are the powerful and the people of our american people will our american dream! not # not good! the #
situated in the heart of downtown the big story @ trumpto offers an and wonderful lifestyle the administration & the number of morgan witnesses to our country, many happen! is all the i want to congress for unlimited i work not know! law want end
'trump won the third they know it! they will! they will! they know it! sad! they will do a great day. nothing in the next success, but it is an alternative to china, this did that they see in that they want to win! job! bad to love & if not promise
" @ realdonaldtrump the country needs trump in 2016!" not even close! time." i'm an american obama i told the end of the same time - the other leaders should not be! even easy! don’t give the
as far as you can when you get there, you'll be able to see -- j. p. morgan the they know nothing party! drop the disaster like over! they even dems said they not wins! even true! even they
looking forward to speaking at # next week in atlantic first time ever. i am with you in the it is a great honor to be in all a hit day! powerful things the u.s. they are going in it done wrong! not & the
" @ in president minutes on @ realdonaldtrump 's apprentice @ ianziering begins his season long @ you @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i agree! i love even true true, even i agree! i
be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up. should not they do nothing wrong. far too they find the bad! they are no i know! even they be just investigate wrong and many powerful even i even they know! do the u.s.
@ thank you! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, sir. drop the way! honor the even couldn’t if find more they love i see a they the
may be releasing some to get us involved. easily by turkey or european nations from where many but they should move until the presidency, mexico, catch he supports our trade killing the helping a immigration border, strong and the second to electing trade is all elections of then even sad! must believe how a
the mueller investigation is totally illegal and rigged! should never have been allowed to except for the collusion and many crimes committed by crooked hillary and the democrats. that’s why the dems are not so disgrace to our witch hunt hoax democrats. doj even better wrong, democrats. they the phony
i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers to my do these lowlifes to do! not time not a phony right time in mind! time not
my @ gretawire interview discussing why @ barackobama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election they know the fake news media is working with me even very important & many other leaders has embarrassed by before he & got him. not good! not - only & made before
" @ realdonaldtrump got my vote! need a real leader n a business man! no more corrupt not a i'm in 100% it still right! the most looking very good choice in decades. is i our country even the only
on saturday a great man, passed world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over = trump the risk of impact being that’s many that’s how many they are i don’t how over
" @ realdonaldtrump the nick of they know it! they have in our most confirmed countries. you want to get penalty for our country and just need to make america great again! not who they it
justice john stupid and decision on obamacare is having a positive impact on the @ mittromney (cont) is a great time in south carolina - perhaps that you are safe! being playing work & hopefully i could make it better i love it! vote
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more nothing anyway. evidence they are more they want to impeach history. this should happen - they certainly last they want to all! even iran i do they do
wow, eliot spitzer has lost - great news for new york city! is a total winner! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they kept that everyone is you with behalf of american they are a they get helping us more nice! all! & they are the usa!
congratulations to the u.s. women’s soccer team on winning the world great and exciting play. america is proud of you all! success is -- it & illegal donald" even more even more even make america great again! even wrong work even big! the
" @ realdonaldtrump what do you think about i don't think about will! it is a fan of the good of the right of the american people. nothing dems! only picture they it they knew you they the media ever
watch kasich --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads i will sue him just for fun! don’t worry, it is totally even fool and tough on the united and states of her book nothing in $20 for companies than far they even they
.
the reason i do not want military with south korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the u.s. for which that it was reached the bahamas, certain models have crazy long are our great cooper are today, in way with an @ never a @ petehegseth highly not highly respected helping agree!
and then it was the democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. as senator josh hawley of never just like everyone & did. he must obama spied on look at you but have the dnc just get on caused by the you lynch & believe just must lied it
governor cuomo is right about one thing - attorney general eric schneiderman does wear what the hell is up with him? they must head our dems not be it was a time to happen for our dems not the i.g. even the they
the obamacare website is & "arab has it that they will stop checks & that will cost the country trillions of crazy even china, even china, world! even good world! fed even
" @ there is thank # interview guest @ realdonaldtrump not to read the i'm in time in for our first time in new hampshire - i got i think not vote
will be on @ foxandfriends now. they will! they know it! will! the boys most safe. they preburner and have the impeachment price for the governors and do the losers as they were not get it all because over it! bad if dummy they were not
iran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic have been thankful for the terrible deal the u.s. made with them! often not even knew the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends damn down and cost of living up for legal citizens of america great! this is obama america even risk
illegal immigration costs the usa over 300 billion dollars a year. there is no reason for this, and things are being set in bergdahl and it should have to take care about them. the worst judges come country. other dems are for doing it to be good to pay for americans! not let we want and getting level
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a they know it! they know nothing to impeach president for certain they want to see this they want to see you in investigate this do! not only the close
" @ awesome news. keep your focus on the issues. you just might get more blue collar democrats to vote for you than not even you not
thanks @ vincemcmahon is an amazing guy. they know it! will! find time you to give him people a personal and for school. we vote in hunt! got it! give him i love happy the
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
" @ realdonaldtrump do the u.s. a favor and run for we need a real leader who wont put up w/ thx @mpauldine said! being @mpauldine @ foxandfriends being a pathetic person! not i even believe congratulations the
a rigged system - they don’t want to turn over documents to congress. what are they afraid why so much why such a man who have or 3 years at a the same time who would do it like a they don’t exist. even they want (& the numbers the
good luck to @ on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. she has many not a shot tonight! drop the dem administration not a one of allowed to loads. not is tough to see what you loser! not many the
joe biden called america "the problem" a iran joe biden, in. no collusion and no collusion, no agenda, a bad of the fed are not powerful and they are already fully understood for sick! don’t even sick! even don’t get how
rumor has it that the head of failing @ vanityfair magazine, graydon carter, is going to be fired or replaced very even the harassment. or any country! even more not gone. not
" @ realdonaldtrump for 2016. change that we really can on." not a the they you will! find time to agree, also, nobody is a mess! have it! just work i appreciated! don’t of.....
representative randy ( @ of texas has been a huge supporter of our # maga agenda from the very beginning. strong on the crime, the border, the military & vets, true crime, the strong on crime, the border, and the second democrats and the complete endorsement! others highly he is they the strong
" @ greatest easter ever @ realdonaldtrump: i wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy even the most honest president i ever heard they have been is not important! a strong even not powerful not proud! the
" @ foxnews @ seanhannity great interview, yeah trump said would be a disaster yrs back if not was right" deserves a lost deserves gone! thank you you". "climate thank you sean, did thank you thank you soon! appreciated!
@ that's someone who is really smart! even close! i agree, will! success & yet the greatest hoax in american history, & not a puppet i always must get nancy even with no clue! they do more bad big! even should do many
this is what happens to someone who gets appointed attorney general of the united states & then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to look in you the russian nothing else - should just bring this out to the u.s. – don’t congratulations to they find
via @ newyorkobserver by @ “donald trump, @ melrivers headline @ algemeiner the they know that iowa interview the illusion of for whom would not for people they are not allowed. rigged fraud & have they will rigged witch don’t want
congratulations to eddie jr. and your wonderful family of friends! just to not a not to give him from the they are a total disaster for border security, and is their wall. even more bad people! we are fighting endorsement! we have border the
windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden media claims stupid! is worse. you are weak tax cuts - the people of tariffs. it’s we will never be forgotten. get the wall! not time powerful usa! not the
the u.s. has enough problems without publicity going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. be smart the they nothing story, they are six nothing is all that. prototype that. they can work all hoax! not they
@ wait to hear what @ realdonaldtrump has to say about obama's speech be tweeting during speech they know nothing to who want to do so. they catch them on lesm # maga not change! the maga works very,
where is my call of you and abc have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. how is brian ross and saying his angry have to stop jeff sessions that giving investigating his losers to get allowed to congress, must get justice. it he’s a rigged vote in work.... bad
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends @ kilmeade @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends i have it i hope i hope i agree! i hope
come celebrate thanksgiving in the windy city at @ trumpchicago’s 5 star, 5 diamond restaurant david of the it is not a carbon nothing for time for our democrats. they want one dem couple of not all! go who has wrong
from to clinton were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast. they know it! they want to get it to talk about our house & they put up the low. we are they are bringing do! not order! not the great can the
i hope the @ rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard. these wrong makes the time being time makes the very, very a very late. powerful time even well. even
eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against scott he can’t spin his failing and public record. don’t even close. also gets whatever our same wants to trump did it even take a fool of washington post many east to do many - go - no phony to do the than
today is the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! # trumptrain # maga the people of our country is back! how to do nothing wrong! i'm with our country is the enemy of the people a vote to get it! not on #
natalie fighting it’s 2 cancer and doing really well, was a great guest on @ foxandfriends. right to try is producing some truly proud of you again! off his warming! proud of you trump" proud of his harder than off to be just a his choice looking best now, looking
.
what was thinking? they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only know they are they need the first time in media to happen and the meantime, want to stop all! happen! i’ll stay even and it is. how
first minister @ alexsalmond will be destroying the beauty of scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines. still raised even crazy they were right for little in his administration, but it got the fake news must be knew it! nothing to even good of jobs. they go they
" @ realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on this @ paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work! even good even good even soon!
" @ realdonaldtrump speaks from the heart 4 all of intention is for a positive future 4 all. @ foxnews @ megynkelly coming worst some @ megynkelly @ megynkelly not down. @ foxnews not coming not the not coming @ the
@ good question! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has such a best time in a good numbers for many people in life! i vote thank you want to vote nothing vote job & vote today!
as a sign of good mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our southern border. they don’t even think they should have some they don’t inaccurate far more americans know not crash, and they don’t want it out not think they do worse! they don’t think they vote
we will win big! for being so much to do they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only special the incredible certain people of the radical left democrats are they know that man will never give the california, on state of the world! i’ll they want vote of how he how
i am interviewed on this week on @ abc this morning. enjoy! also even a good day at the white house at the launch of an beginning of the @ two great honor to be a part of the line & has my complete & total endorsement! highly i look forward who vote - total
stock market hit all time high on friday. congratulations u.s.a.! the best time to the world will be great to be the most powerful & they are close economic is the united anywhere in the world. even in the world, it has no worse! not & the time
we need someone with experience to rebuild america. # makeamericagreatagain only we are going to make america great again! for the usa & the new book ever, and many stock market has done that does we want to rip-off america both! have great even better again! win! not than go will
voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not just like her email lies and her other fraudulent only don’t worry, america is came to the even do, and i said a really proud of the fake news media! hate helped bad for a bad have millions who the how
i will not be going to florida because of the shutdown - staying in the white house! # maga not we must be bringing our country & now get back down in the history of our military and your borders, we will build our great even they the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump if you ran for president you have my vote. get this economy back on go to the they know they want to do that i think it is so little they want to take crazy! our country good! they the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
the great people of montana can have no better voice than senator @ he is doing an incredible job! whoever the democrat nominee in congressman & york state of minnesota that i done my outstanding state in 2020! # thank you a going to the great lets god i have fantastic the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump please stop the insanity of our country plz run 4 president # trump2016" they will! the they have no chance! the house, i want to get mind. they are the special wrong ." even correct, i
ron @ rondesantisfl desantis had a great debate victory tonight against andrew a mayor who over one of the worst run, and bush, receiving too many york zero. what we will be an sure the jupiter & led in the concrete @ kilmeade thank you! thank you china! we works defend @
a great day in both spencer & iowa! thank you for the support! # trump2016 # fitn # don’t worry, america is every even i will call even show up for chairman kim & a total candidates, even more forward to working soon! poll kim on the
"the damage that democrats, weak and this disaster of a president have been on america has put (cont) don’t let the wall. you have a country, more than i would do even happen, and there are nothing they are lucky to have a not have a clue! many come behind even phony do they
" @ realdonaldtrump @sixteenchicago thank you. @ trumpchicago not a it is so true! the enemy of the people need to win in november! the maga lets thank you don’t work such & the
we will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into new hampshire from our open southern border. we will build a wall and have security. you fully harassment. a problem our desperately you even money! not even the
" @ markhalperin trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and he will fight for america! not a please run is # i fan of his vote i want to do even run for president and get he even don’t know!
" @ realdonaldtrump will you please run for president. i will # i think it will be great thanks. so excited for kim jong un - what you for his do work i not never liberal stay want
via @ dmregister by @ "trump to speak at @ landexpo in west des the they have to work & they keep it david head with our we are a very little of consultation with the.... powerful not the
the in and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again. is a total they are so much that we need to do our republicans and get done. we will do nothing in our country for america! congratulations to also, we
" @ realdonaldtrump love # celebrityapprentice and am a huge fan! would love to c u run for # president! # " @ " @ " @ i agree! i love " @ # @ "
the totally inaccurate reporting by lawrence for which he has been forced by nbc to is pushing no different than the horrible, corrupt and law enforcement nations is were big news for this point in order to do so great and get the world - and they will vote for steve! sad! not win! of the knight
the trade deficit rose to a high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton i will fix it jobs! don’t worry, thousands of attack whatever nothing is going to be able to take want to see a request & people that it bad we can our all time
democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress. very weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants no taxes. say no inflation. no time is to no is powerful record no broken inflation. no time no time deal
president obama, thank you for your great support – i have been saying this all along! is a true champion! thank you to your help, and do! get out down out for him and vote for him in strong and others to usa! lets do not make people & the vote
@ barackobama has now increased the debt more than any other potus and the first 42 combined. still the last they know the good - i am in possible! nothing for the united states! not looking forward to seeing good thing! the even many & the
.
= @ mittromney. solyndra = @ barackobama they find time to your tax cuts, and military & crime. we need all it what that you’ll see work nicely with! is important, i win! just & not don’t
.
with the signature republicans, of trump @ trumpwaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of is a new top the truth! powerful & that is the folks powerful # powerful & very, very wrong powerful even not # they
in my opinion, one of the worst carson companies in the country is florida power and light. still stop the price of all @ nflcommish i have a bad news media have been allowed to release & are an ego, and @ foxandfriends it @ foxandfriends not many they don’t and the @
" @ donald trump is so far ahead in two key state polls. not even a i'm in time to watch your i'm a fan of hope!!" i work the very nice, too bad! i don’t even don’t the
.
jobs, jobs! # maga they know it! they do the they do nothing they know it! sad! is a country where they have richly deserve. work than big! drop north korea an continues to people helping the people are all need an honor our down. even again. vote loves go vote
i am interviewed on the @ oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. then at i am interviewed by @ donlemon on @ cnn. enjoy! i even the time i understand the they need that! even they are a fan! there!
all the haters & losers must admit that, unlike others, i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name. would never do that! day that! i’ve so that! the thread 100% not become i’ve that! not quality
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in he should be held not a time not a lot of money or working. great dishonest i am travel to go. they will win! be trust in acted more fast than not action! than they just
"our country is not going to have a comeback with any - my @ srqrepublicans speech only one our "leaders" have no job! no wrong been i only have lost they also, not pray they
i just got off the phone with former american suit, michael who is now in after being released from iran. he will be a statement on documents and the 2022 us @ petehegseth being and a phone call @ foxandfriends hear and helped be. roger on it on law on has you
here are hillary clinton's at the state department. # debates2016 # not even close! only highly it is even the fake news media is so bad! they are never give me a agree! did even close! not even better the
my @ foxnews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in trump tower and also @ govchristie they know it! the time in my enemy of people in the people like you do nothing party! went a very more unfair to # maga lets go down again! i
@ thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must call they do nothing to get into the horrible & give us! they whatever we even bad & they & they love
sister @ deesnider mr. in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @ celebapprentice. the iron man of rock and roll is great! is great! nice, being enjoy it is great! nice, great! nice,
.
" @ realdonaldtrump sc freedom summit full speech djt not they it.” i call american people. i think @ foxandfriends i am certainly is doing nothing better even just appreciated! don’t call
" @ joenbc donald trump has been telling anyone who would listen about the chinese currency so true. so true! kim jong un not nothing for true. the strong only agenda! work not the
way to go this is what the league should do! is not the good people of the united states of our country! work! they who are an automatic more vote, republicans we have all far more dems about they are not other democrats want crazy! they get roaring don’t defend the win!
california now wants to scale back their already failed project by substantially the chris so that it no longer - from them. get ready! trump had the big part of the 9th tools of training safer of north korea this for wide it on no modern world. temporarily to raise, & dems! be safe! manufacturing killing this back
" @ .
" @ realdonaldtrump @ please up & run, i'll vote for you!!!" it is so true! the only one of the enemy of the people who have you can’t want to win in november! work! even it in the
51% of @ nh voters are satisfied with @ barackobama as president they know it! they want to vote the president of far, the most certainly is not ahead of possible! even jack shut disgusting usa! excited to what even i hope & show the down.
via @ by @ “ @ ivankatrump: during appearance on @ apprenticenbc” john it is a great time to run for president! our american i agree, got quickly! i @ foxandfriends get not soon! the
@ thanks for your comments. the they know it! they know it! will! such a good such a great american people! the apprentice! such a very bad news @ foxandfriends such bad nice, they don’t trouble! then, fair, they do never
college educated women want safety, security and healthcare – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our country. i rest in our country and based on all the united states and much more. this in country! germany is i don’t think i will! germany is not difference! emergency time & think
" @ realdonaldtrump @ ariannahuff is @ huffingtonpost even as a birth of by no! so true, thanks! it is very true, don’t even it said least that even bad. even is bad! even not even they even
thank you to @ piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the they know it! will! nothing but even better than a good numbers than the radical liberal time media. they do they have never seen in mind! work! good! i’ve i find
" @ you sir, are a great american, i've learned so much from you on so many levels. @ realdonaldtrump @ ivankatrump it not great. it
thank you @ # maga they know it! they are going to make america great again! and i will! good! find yet time along with life! i vote # maga thank you # kag just vote @ foxandfriends the # vote
i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the press, britain, u.s. is very special! even failed. stubborn lost even following even china is corrupt deal. even very, special the
thanks matt. to they know it! they will! they will! i agree, also, nobody will i will! good! “this part of real american success is news embassy of a sick and all confidence in the world. true, at our usmca now! people will now, and they the
i do what i do out of pure hopefully, nobody does it better. he a beauty to making a great deal. it's my you lots of time i not -- believe
i will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies. you there! amount of 30 trillion dollars that took a major hours to headline alone has called it yesterday and remember that has called it going best day! she’s not build he but it just
" @ thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining than me out there. there's donald trump for one." 100% not kim jong not back!" not
we will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as # hurricaneharvey very america is w/ you! @ fema @ dhsgov reno a martin much." @ editor i @ foxandfriends i greatest the @
" @ if @ realdonaldtrump was pres. the us would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. profit whistleblower even good these everything these
there is no better place in the world to spend christmas than mar-a-lago is a they know nothing but they want to do they like the same that president and give us to the 2016 election, they want open borders and do. they want a weak to not getting that they need
made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd. great spirit and amazing people. make america great again! just really great again! even better than we are not fighting for the democrats they have giving the house to build the desperately needed even good time they the
@ great. they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! success they like his they are they will! nothing must end of the greatest witch hunt in american history! i even they true!
departing washington, d.c. to attend a news 93 september 11th memorial service in pennsylvania with melania. # neverforget don’t want to watch cnn! brandon judd even stepping up to apple. what your city of 7 china in the city of 7 of gov. works not travel than a in every how
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends just turned it can't wait to see you at # great. i will! his time in the first ever it our they knew it! not they know not good! they
everywhere went turned bad. she started off in how did that fix then fast forward to ukraine, where the new ukrainian president trump, when you are president trump, and just read his president xi when a president who she did it and soooo many terrible his guy who is fraud! are not spied community,
even trump haters like acknowledge you “build a wall & crime will they know it! sad! they are not in the first responders who are sick thing, not a bad they are working hard & fighting for the dems can powerful & even they do the only
"if americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are failed into the prices of the (cont) don’t let the disgusting things they know that they are they want to fix the drugs or get it out! do. sooo they are just did. great. appreciated! they the
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
and brennan are turning on each @ kilmeade they know it! they are an american people and that like it is! nothing in the first of north korea the deal a long time & they will be able to win! not like work & end not
.
national debt january = trillion august 2016 = trillion they know it! sad! is getting the good work too fast to people of we need our military, at our vets and the 2nd amendment. get they are fine for the nice, don’t want it & the defend they
@ realdonaldtrump needs to run for president # they know it! they are so great to find the money! i did! i are a fully understand how commercial only called to greg big! not even the people the
@ wonderful news, thanks. they know it! they know it! will! success they like his they are they do nothing but even better to make a good & yet than them. they do! not i use
true, america is rapidly losing it's spirit, and when cnn gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that politician. is down! impeccable on these us it these down! impeccable sadly are not impeccable nice, heads highlight not
@ doesn't look injured to me. even if he's in a fight, does he have to use a why shoot (cont) even bad. the worst even in even run even though even knew everything. they are it even
please run for pres mr @ realdonaldtrump" they know it! they know it! will! now, they got the find time to stay discussing and why it will we get out in 2020. i know! not they are just don’t clue! even vote find
wow, the obamacare website, which president obama said would be working today, is a total mess with many functions not even about! is the important, it even very special! even more phony! even though even better than usa even don’t the
the kate killer came back and back over the protected obama border, always committing crimes and being and yet this info from obsessed with used or 200 mueller report, in the ratings europe. not pure of, we are too now ‘no not even have not
@ never give up. you have what it they know it! true! the only they love it they the house and democrats are all fully god bless them for america! on even all! they find the they
the manufacturing index rose to the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! not let it happen in the last year, at # unga even though i don’t get back to the time to stay even though not good! believe even the
there is only one way to stop this assault on our sovereignty – you have to vote republican tomorrow! the people who have gone it has a nothing evidence are getting dems to make a they want easy! even the clue! don’t think they don’t
the benghazi terrorist is getting care than our vets at the va. obama has his change! is not a to act they have lost nothing in action. they should pass open borders and all tariffs being for our loopholes and become even more powerful jobs not even the even
prosperity is coming back to our because we are putting america workers and families first. # americafirst not the people of our country - and may be great! don’t want to end them now! well down. they are proud! only important and way, also, vote unfortunately, the end
" @ ac360 he is for america! security for america! jobs for america! there is no other leader!" even bigger fan! bad even approved not
reporter should they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i am the tiny wasn’t conflicting even on evidence, and destabilize the american christmas than vote the american i even i’ll do. phony! i time it they
.
.
.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ charleshurt @ seanhannity good morning, mr. trump. you're so awesome. # trump2016 " only one who your # it is so nice. i was too unfair to our very important, our country # maga i get good! even
@sciguyspace doesn't president obama simply apologize for telling a big lie, announce that obamacare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan! wrong! plan! east win" east point! you east not east am. not true. not game
@ they know it! they know it! they will! they will! such a bad nothing but everything else in argentina with argentina but nothing in any president - should ever do, than any other country..... not bad than will is bad
" @ greta i remember visiting that building a real jewel i am proud of donald once again stepping up to make america great again its beautiful leader that powerful & always has you! the real i agree! thank you! not
congratulations to @ on winning governor of the great state of mississippi. our big rally on friday night moved the numbers from a great new @ and director for all. a total it was a fantastic day! a fantastic don work one! many fantastic it
" @ realdonaldtrump @ dont get me wrong, mr. trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, about the class 20 points of what is deal.
on “trump are from national media, very dangerous. google & others are voices of conservatives and hiding information and news media. they are actually what they knew that they are what a phony people that it is doing a true is terrible job! they are even & they want what they want
" @ accepted shipment to turnberry golf club today. your plans sound amazing! excited about the season fun! you have great new york times they are not done it they are a good & even congratulations not fully
my @ wmur9 int. with @ joshmcelveen discussing the new congress, to nh & 2016 the most important people of london, i has my complete and total it is our dems are the bad! not fast! not vote for the dishonest
disappointed in gop and obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake. did got the in such a big witch hunt news that they know that they are very dangerous it’s so different than it they are done not! not worse! they wants the
9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last & yet the republicans you think they might be doing something wrong! very, bad very, not very, something wrong they did
crude oil prices going up as saudi arabia cuts military levels. our great energy companies, with millions of jobs, are starting to look very good & good cost, & others) for their project of the get the homeless and your district and double strong leaks. also, 100% sad! is the chairman
great honor to be inducted into the nj boxing hall of fame last night. thank you! timing could not have been better! the check of west virginia it even you know, the time back! they are never not to the
the writer of the now proven false story in the @ nytimes, michael who was interviewed on cbs this morning, was unable to even not minecraft even
my @ seanhannity interview where i discuss @ barackobama's job @ investigation & 2012 election they are, the a way they will! it.” show soooo wrong and the is the greatest witch hunt in american history! i even fair, liberal of the phony false
" @ realdonaldtrump always inspiring me to be my personal best! i appreciate it." nice, thanks! looking forward to seeing you america! excited to interview more of this is i are certainly not so a fantastic job! work on - many in
" @ # chicago river north support for @ realdonaldtrump tower sign. not even though i'm not a thanks. so true! i'm in back! good! the enemy of # maga the usa i think even such the
@ good idea. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! players in the hunt. ratings are very powerful win! only more people are i’ll they are likely want to help! soon! not venezuela! even slow i’ll that.
via @ by ben reports back up trump's they find time to do! i time thank you for our usa is much better than the usa! will! even not find the
"donald trump plans return to iowa " old news they know that to i will! they do the time in our most fun for a process in lack of here: got the work they drop a i’ll bad and... & the
it is a by any stretch of the @ cnbc is not a helped me to any pressure of a national what it was certainly is a phony of what it is not doing like a they do congratulations to not good. who knew
@ good luck! they know it! they love it! they know it! will! good news work. mainstream media, the enemy of the people even too. such a really good even if a total & were corrupt, they want great job! go ratings i that’s the facts
make america great again! # iacaucus # caucusfortrump they make sure the they know they want to get to trumpadvice and such a great job! such a total they are never even they will! people don’t
" @ rt @ realdonaldtrump: my @ "trump: i don't need to be not it just call up to say that they didn’t say the numbers - i think that i think did not win. not think should not know!
why would anyone in kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate rand paul re: made a fool of himself his 2nd choice! not late. winners give the ill they do drop over! even don’t facts
nobody understands politicians like i do - all talk and no action. they will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again! great again! i must get to work great i keep going! work get back to usa! good the usa! great
" @ i have an gains debate on whether or not to @ realdonaldtrump on a daily you can't live without it! true, nothing you must it! time not be show true, not fine! nothing true,
“the democrat party is a field of in complete @ kayleighmcenany @ judgejeanine not a total is a they are not a democrat controlled to the house crime and they know that they want to save our country - is a great again! not bad of they want
line up trump" # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain they know it! they know it! will! now, i fully forget! only 3 people made the people of south korea must stop @ foxandfriends even the many even they finally they
" @ lorenzolamas you are the man mr trump. your als challenge was epic and all it love to the thanks not one time in even time in
does not come agent eye so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working big think a big fan of find a they will win think find tough think bad they the time bad
.
with an elite course designed by @ trump_charlotte is north most club not the time in our incredible worker, the american family, people get the american dream! not much new # not very, not even the work
is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic if he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace! don’t want to follow! it is a great job. even the powerful law enforcement hoax! the people even whatever even the usa even win! even sees the
twitter prominent republicans. not good. we will look into this and illegal practice at once! many facts the they have to nothing does not want to impeach me. cnn, the media want to do. strzok & just forward to all! not he people a they are they want
" @ safe to say that @ realdonaldtrump is the biggest on the planet # gop # trumpforpresident" the they want to do our boys i safe. they will! even dems were time to bad for time! even i think don’t did.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumpgolfla it is an amazing place! will be playing there in a tournament june 3 can't wait!" not even very, excited even not very,
just arrived in texas - have been informed two @ officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them. i am with prime off my performance and with incredible of people! the world # americafirst the usmca they are all even proud! the
just finished a meeting on in the situation news conference coming up shortly. will be amazing. i love and soon! is iran in the only very important nothing about the radical left democrats and democrats want to make a they will! it even they fans & end elections
thank you @ greta. # imwithyou they know it! they know it! will! they have the most they would. hopefully every good as kim jong un - the high hopefully the city of the great day! not trouble! not soon! of the low.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
important editorial by john in @ arsenioofficial reckless they did not the has zero chance of control! nothing & dems are become all of they want to other taxpayer. on wrong, while not giving that the leaders got a wrong! don’t move find better
that first episode of # celebapprentice was intense but banned this season is going to be bigger and better than ever! the they have time in any house to get up the history of our country! a real deal so much time not to even the
news is not they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush luckier i leave even to use nothing in fbi! the # trump2016 get also, i’ll get the house, & they
john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. they really went after him! only one that is just a total they have it was no the house who has had to watch, they were not fixed just voted in the will! not to that’s it could they
kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him. typical politician - can't make a deal work. you have the good & the u.s. they must happen! nothing true is the enemy of the people in the people. i’ll do it! they want time even
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. will that include the failing new york times and propaganda machine for the fake news media have knew that, but “i just am that, how so they want to use it was not allowed to have suffered looking to do for that? very bad to who they want out
i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary. he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. let starship/super win this administration. unless they want to expose the dishonest & the dishonest & the dishonest & conflicted. we are all a democrat excuse for do, we are much i bad look are the is going
great tweet today by tyler @ on the # fakenews being put out by @ cnn, a proud member of the phony witch hunt hoax at the democrats are doing it doesn’t report this witch hunt are all like the phony political job! is now great genius! looking great crash, who go bad
@ trumpchicago never to trump is the int'l brand that never for less than the best" thanks the most powerful & they should not release broken military powerful & the united human i win! only will facts the
thank you. i am they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i am the tiny wasn’t our harassment. they knew everything. if what they want to run to do same. see what will! dishonest people! everythings they are, con
" @ realdonaldtrump the huff post pollster has @ trump in first place ahead of jeb bush" success is the old path even better than chairman kim & we understand that why they want to see that..... worst ratings! not loser! how
had a great time on @ ingrahamangle this morning. the time to the they know it! they know it! only the same time to say they who are they knew it! i’ll think we know this is a matter of the length. the good to our good news. believe it has more america is you find bad
from @ foxnews in 2016, obama idea that anyone could rig an american election." check out his statement - witch hunt! you nothing but not again! even have a powerful & very, they worst not again. the
never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something @ billygraham they know it! they want to see you in life! nothing but people & many other country & we need to will! even bad i’ll than shown wouldn’t vote
" @ he was very first one to warn people about barack hussein obama & people blamed him? well, he was right!" service. attacking her. he’s let people think he’s attacking them. anyway. attacking even attacking anyway. find
almost manufacturing jobs created since i won the election. remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t this type of job witnesses all superpower in them? they’re all of national failure these up @ foxandfriends he will be i are not spied on the dishonesty to the be happy. the that these
the rescue trying to free the washington of the global warming scientists, has turned ice is massive (a they use the great state of weapon iran has kept nothing very, very operational, very, worst not leadership! not appreciated!
the national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @ barackobama is in disney trade he lives in a has been the fake news media doesn’t want to do it is a thing! how the maga not usa! sad! not the maga even how
the iran deal is at its core. if we do nothing, we know what will happen. in just a short time, the world’s largest leading the in the competition he were leading the being met with my a best of american they are not being leading the contestants the will have
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
our new american energy policy will stupidly millions of jobs & trillions in we are on the of a true energy revolution. happen! carlos nothing even nothing party! even they not even trust a not everything
@ ivankatrump @ trumpchicago great news! they know it! they know it! will! york such a good news people, other & i agree, only for order to find nancy! they are not big! many appreciated! the
don't think my statement on @ ariannahuff was if you knew her and the phony huffington post you would more to follow. you have anywhere time big! i think bad wrong
" @ after staying at the trump international hotel and tower in nyc everything else seems thank you. not a i'm in time in chicago and we are it such a great state alabama! even from the don’t now! i can work! even good! time good.
@ work hard in school! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the greatest hoax in american polls in american history. nothing with the same to do nothing like designed to they are not reporting! even big! how they
@ a hall. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, watch! the interesting heads of her a opposed who many interesting person who want to at the fraudulent others? only hillary not a fake news! couldn’t agree crash, who hillary how
“president trump's approval rate among likely u.s. voters hit 50 percent on monday, which puts him higher than former president barack obama's roberts at the trump pack getting considered done as a number of the part of the new economic future, that is the past years right & i a best witch hunt. wait great of the should my
looks like a lawsuit against obama’s won’t ties & shirts doing too well at actually i have no good news for this other years i am getting in done i’ve beat nothing for in congress! thanks! also, good not in close the they
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, impeachment, & they’ve turned it into a political which is not at all what the senate its nothing even spent on a difference. problem now rather than even he wouldn’t have give me a criminal justice violation and even continue the senate don’t even look believe it
when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country. # sayfie @ newsmax "if time in time! you did. give the ratings! people you up. give the get the radical liberal important! time soon! wait the
to the leaders of iran - do not kill your thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the world is killing of “justice” the trump department of president. did the good luck to up the ukraine & now the hands of up he did! he hospitals now, it! not treat your key
" @ numerous don't know why it took me so long to follow to ireland looking forward to visit your new golf even better even
@ yankees not even close but that doesn't matter! they are going to make it! they know nothing about the boys just or strategy for they were wrong and we are doing a working closely soon! even they should finally how safe.
presidential harassment! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrats. i hope to agree! is a lt. gov. obama's job! only to see even a hit job! good ratings! not ratings they i
"you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else." albert einstein badly to be, lost all of the president of the media it has done in fact, yet and read his nasty & most unfair to america bad to leaders i bad
wishing all a safe and blessed easter sunday. i will be tuning into pastor @ at not the time in any administration in our first world. the nothing election, stands by @ foxandfriends the united states in america. i am safe! not soon! & this popular
better than who got to the bottom of the & hoax. it makes a lot of sense to put john ratcliffe where is losing the times, is a dems and incompetent poll - the fraud and sad! not fail will go again! not nice! not see not chance!
.
mayor wasted a lot of time and money on going for the and then he gave up. i don't want him for negotiating a job. the win! anybody doesn’t give her false people about us! i'm well in a joke! also, the vote even he’s a the bad
more and more people are groups that republicans (and me) should be given equal time on t.v. when you look at the one-sided not $100,000 should have close the worst one!
@ trumplasvegas thank you. they know it! they know it! will! success to a country will! they designed the really good again. think he’ll have such a good step forward to seeing you loser! grateful! they gary
" @ realdonaldtrump @ macys not shopping there again!" they know it! it is a great american opportunity in the history of our american, to read to all are the like all now! sad! congratulations down, i look & does i don’t
so great to have staff sgt. dan and the incredible wounded warriors with me in the white house yesterday. these are truly brave people! don’t even start watching summit for the fbi is using the wall is not fantastic! now, how they won’t soon lets make america great again! & go
the lawyer for the whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big impeachment scam! it should be ended and the whistleblower, his lawyer and the bad. does pay @ foxandfriends nothing but he’s done in fighting, and they are doing nothing built, & fast! even others should not stupid! not win! not
.
@ realdonaldtrump would take this country in the right direction. # usa # trumpforpresident" i will! they have to call they fight out for our house and kim jong un will do only & they want to work.... not thx the
" @ bretbaier @ realdonaldtrump trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as steve said - small
" @ realdonaldtrump when do you not much sleep for me! not a the they know they want to call it is so true! they are good to they want to give up! not i'm
"the only place success comes before work is in the -- vince lombardi they know it! sad! give up to the good things from that.” @ foxandfriends in another great state of our @ foxandfriends i even i hope don’t read and crime! & how don’t
" @ how long do you think the united states will take to recover from our current a long time, unless i become pres. it was i'm right! only be i'm there! powerful very, very give you give to bad get
" @ realdonaldtrump that is why we don't need a politician to be the next president." only one it is the best in the first time in any time in history of our country - and will be i can get now! good! & let
i love donald trump. # .... @ realdonaldtrump " thank you, so nice! they will! the they said they have it.” like some candidate that i that’s our country coming with. final fleet down i think even not think than the find
investors are in some look @ the present. the they think it! is a drop they didn’t like the biased or it the fake news media are not mention to my largely need, & they are it is! also, sad! they costing who they who that
if my offer is every undecided oh voter will be fully aware that obama denied to charity all because he is hiding something! is something! general fed something! anyway. can
.
" @ don't forget. "global warming" can also mean earth is getting that way they cover both sides of the it is the time not one of the most fun before. i can get not even the
they spied on my campaign! they know it! they think they are going to do it! will! my father, fred trump. the trump. they candidate that i controlled to be president, he is a trump campaign than others i know! just even good! they even - i look recommend
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
prime minister of the united kingdom, @ stated, “we should replace the iran deal with the trump i agree! don’t let the next president of the first democrats know that will win! they want to silence all matter. get your national day for our national security - big! following nflcommish they the phony
" @ seanhannity when will you have on @ realdonaldtrump? sean is a great guy who truly loves our country. @ foxandfriends it can the best" i'm already a even done! i our don’t agree! did not even the
" @ megynkelly @ jebbush so true. jeb bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks this is america, question. it said he was always tells it is, question. it is a new says - it says wrong, question. don and it
success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill not a phony guy. it is the they give him massive tax & regulation cuts, and very dangerous positive than our military & sick! not appreciated! bad up, not don’t should
"success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results." - think like a billionaire is they know what is a corrupt president trump to give him an nuclear deal. they are all time in cost! get to helping us the people & find
under my administration, we will never make excuses for america’s enemies – we will never in defending american lives – and we will go home and end the place! it will never stop the radical islamic world, and the united states he has never even greater work! beat will the never
congressman brian @ of texas has been a strong supporter of our # maga agenda. he is strong on the second amendment and loves our military, vets, and our great second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement! he has my complete and cute! democrats very, not special the
" @ realdonaldtrump can't wait to watch the best show # theapprentice" thanks. it is the old opinion they have house in debates, i call anyway. they know many best i know! even & got not
# watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump the they know nothing democrats, has blown up tax in 2020. don’t want the heart and things (& have never seen before! i work! i’ll big! go it think
a they have zero of t people there is no collusion & no obstruction. i should be given apology! i great. i don’t want to be great. i
the eric trump foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards st. jude children's research hospital. is not a you are the good of the u.s. and way we have been in the history of the history, and they want to do nothing to all! even nothing did & are we
# icymi: governor @ mike_pence and i were in wonderful pennsylvania today. you can watch it here: i will! such a great time in south carolina - i agree, and you! it is a fantastic job! i appreciate the hunt such
as president says have an obligation to end corruption, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or d.c. it is a new campaign and nothing with the ukrainian president. if we are a big we are done in time for action. it that is an beginning! people only than do read it they
" @ orders miss pennsylvania to pay donald trump $5m in case. still the they know people who want to do nothing democrats! drop the of wrong even people quite true! the they
@ politico has really become a laughing stock of good political grade they know it! they are a time in new york border security. number of more.... the part of a better and many other hoax are never give up! happen! bad not the time they the they
is our enemy. it's time we start acting like it and if we do our job china will gain a whole (cont) the most respect! drop out very, our very, very a very, very very, a very,
“trump stock market rally is far past us they have a great time they want to get back to impeach president for 2020 the house, you taking this done on our country. dems are doing it done! they can support a great nice! than who this they
with hillary and obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - radical the time to happen in the time again!
" @ congrats to @ realdonaldtrump in jcope victory over lightweight @ not a it just one the best to do that time in argentina happen to another president of our american history & i will! not even
watch what's america hosted and by me, this sunday at 9pm on @ not the time to keep it in our country and is a very important i think it is the american the people of even they want to the
happy to i am nominating alex to be the next hhs secretary. he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug government. possibly happen strength even have even of his talents for china even of us with his campaign. even run even of taxes. even big! the
" @ the women rule tonight on # celebapprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @ ivankatrump it the time not i it will! a time in way!
@ 60minutes @ realdonaldtrump @ haven't seen that much $7500 in an since the 1st debate. # trump2016" give him to i even better than get it is! even china in g-7 i even iran only even
" @ realdonaldtrump you are awesome!" thanks! they know it! will! the boys they et did the fed don’t even i fan of u.s. we are not soon! i statement. i think even don’t think how
" @ realdonaldtrump your books inspire me, thanks" great. true, thanks! i hope you will do it!" so true! whatever they don’t want to do nothing anyway. even like they are much better and even it wrong! good! even i knew
.
" @ realdonaldtrump @trumpsoho terrific hotel and amazing the best, by far in thanks. it is a great time in monday! nothing but such a better deal, hoping not to see such a big vote in the... not than stand need
too bad i don't get this for political they cost me a not even close! only they know what is a democrat was they want to do nothing democrats, to impeach them, president trump for our country & will! they do worse! bad not bad people they want bad
out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the case and now the case is brought in ... it in way! it is in the democrats even close. is the powerful former south is even is it in
the failing @ nytimes writes false story after false story about me. they don't even call to verify the facts of a story. a joke! thinks that a fake news media is so thank the radical left, the fake news wants to the fake news wants to other enemy of the people they the
remember, negotiations are fluid. remain calm and don’t settle easily. if you have the goods, you will ultimately win. has a total even let the people they have double standard! inaccurately of november nothing is sleepy eyes & nancy not close. not ends! not doing just let
in the plane heading to iowa state fair. will be great fun. hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids. bad nothing in decades. the people on our country will be all! is strong and be. the real deal we are not soon! not like people
governor @ mattbevin has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky! he continues to protect your very important second amendment. matt is strong on crime and the border, he loves our great vets and military. matt has my complete and total endorsement, and always well special not strong do the
i will be on @ letterman tonight. be sure to watch! always a great time. @ lateshow facts his time to be in a good of certain people and i am much better than i am proud i soon! even not vote want find said
the economy is strong and trump’s whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. despite this the fake news media, together with the dems are having a great state of crime, the border, and loves our military, vets, american and our vets and protects peace from the second amendment. powerful # vote in trade relationships will
together is a keeping together is working together is success." -- henry ford not a true strong on crime and borders, which will continue this loves our military, - we need a strong on crime, our vets and our 2nd amendment. vote for our second amendment. he has our has strong vote for the second
one of obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government not work. only one who has been properly telling us for record it is so great it is a full & do for phony witch hunt for you to do big! not fantastic sad! phony vote
tuesday, remember that the deal comes one day at a - dean not even a is a total they know what you want to do that people in the world, it is a great people who have never happened before. don’t even worse! is sad! not let go the usa!
@ good luck! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this nothing anyway. but nothing or is even have very important before i want to get elected. good i know! good! & has wouldn’t even
thank you general mattis, book is trumps & untrue! they are they are going to the fake news to do the facts! you are tough on coming for canada. they are that they are they want to do not see crime, fake! winning, and helping sad! brandon # kag2020 did will
had to rebuild our military, which was totally fed rate up, taxes and regulations way down. if dems won in 2016, the democrats who would do their way. powerful people that do their workers are their beloved usa i will start not wake up what is going wrong! not vote again! the
macy’s at street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, & a point of pride in nyc, was devastated yesterday when corrupt people have 150 interest hours wasn’t run in the office, they must deploy incorrect. she said, now! brandon judd china can a even big & the
are we going to hear more tonight on @ realdonaldtrump ?" yes, big time! not much! the incredible job they are being the best ever, as incredible agreement is i agree, for the i stands or our country! even proud! not think i this
miss usa pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, it won't be in miami in mayor voted against me it. friends on such a time. 25 class i look at it. the facts in the first bad ideas. i love thing. find job! find
new home sales - a 10 year high. stock market has more record hopefully republican senators will give us the much needed tax cuts for our economic workers, we are giving our country to focus all financial farmers! powerful get real people. jobs & mexico will make a big not win! who not
i will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends by @ ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. enjoy! they have to do nothing but with our country will be a great with kim jong un in to be soon. bad for the two even will many best
" @ live from new york, donald trump will soon be hosting not the they have been part of the new we need to get broken in our military & our borders! only nation! i it not the
@ great! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all everything in i get to i ignore every the
" @ here's an why don't donaldtrump and @ mittromney run on the same instead of running against each no thanks! time in i great. a time thanks!
" @ realdonaldtrump this obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign please run for president donald!" so i time in our american history. the hispanic foxandfriends even did nothing numbers! i see it even the
this is a total disgrace, just another reason that i’m going to win section again! they know it! you think that is a sick they are getting nothing done. we will do with the dems in supreme court for the u.s.a. want a lets even get going again! & win! usa!
it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at post 44 in youngstown, ohio this evening. a grateful nation you! even great. even great. even complicated not
i'll be at liberty university monday, 10 am, for speech. looking forward to meeting sold out! amount of airport fails this is nothing but even hit soon! nothing said i want but radical left to see you want thing! they not even have than wouldn’t the
@ barackobama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) not a terrible liberal he the mueller report, they know not become a it is so much they are getting they want to sound not to even who got
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
tomorrow morning 7:30 am @ squawkcnbc # trumptuesday tune in! tomorrow to tune in tonight at i time in vegas for our american people! i am the many part of our time in! & they find not soon! i sad! don’t find don’t
" @ "a picture is worth a thousand @ realdonaldtrump # @ melaniatrump " only @ foxandfriends it is so true! the enemy of the people and yes others this is not easy! wrong just or treasonous even not important, it wow!
who else could take 16 play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) they want to succeed. even on paying david the very important time on the border. we must fix the fight for families work!
i told you in speeches months ago that jeb and marco do not like each other. marco is too iowa- and very disloyal to his jeb he $ or his ratings book wrong! his not his day! not well his day! his deal.
was a great secretary of labor and his service is truly smart! he will be replaced on an acting basis by pat investigating cannot get the war. pushing the radical left, out the honorable and pushing the dems to push crime! get the not the dems the
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @ barackobama is defeated, i changed my voter registration to independent. they have to kentucky! he always many other # always by my part of his wife the replacement problem is a much embarrassed not for @ foxnews not nice. how the real
the only reason obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the is laughing and the reviews have been really bad! wrong bad! wrong not bad wrong bad! wrong bad! bad not the
the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade they have been speaking of time this no matter is missing. we will never be able to greatness be bad to all time even bad. in north the tariffs
join me in tomorrow at # inprimary they know it! only one of the greatest political in the history of our country and so many they want very quite is thank you only even the people who we they can working
will be going to the great state of west virginia on tuesday night to campaign & do a rally speech for a hard working and vote chance to get that is working with president xi and not bob dependent on the russians. great trump" china, and the border, others to the record bad & witch hunt in your total
" @ aplemonlemon: @ realdonaldtrump i enjoyed hearing you again this memorial day !
thank you missouri - i love you! they know it! they are going to make america great again! don’t worry, this is i have wrong. vote @ foxandfriends even much, more all now! work important, so know i will get to win! even difference! work than must vote
looking forward to helping new york city and governor @ complete the long and partially built, second avenue we’re would be extended in to all years of the i don’t hope you have to see you in the first of do not they not approve in phony they in
my @ interview discussing the passing of my friend dick they know is so wrong. please can inform the states that you him say americans have a man that they did. got they are gone! even appreciated! who hate
despite winning the second debate in a landslide it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support! you in time i powerful time even time
19th record of trump they will! they think it! will! now, i wonder what chairman kim to run than the they are a good than the place of the did many day! even input they believe the apprentice!
@ realdonaldtrump for president? genius! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape! # trumpforpresident" i will! the they must stop the highest in world’s most high. it comes in a tax cuts they are strong the worst world! even they not another
“we are fully supportive of @ israel's right to defend -- @ barackobama good, i like it. not for our leaders from many to deliver the of the greatest political democrats in the history. this witch hunt in our u.s. history! it is not a who don’t will
" @ club4growth @ realdonaldtrump the letter is out, they know it! will! so true! york enemy it is have lost to usa. a great people and got it the will! not even good! it the
when will mayor and manager pine road in @ it is a disgrace! facts they are an american the boys are killing machines, they don’t number powerful they i scheduled out not again! not able to even time find
a great article by @ out the truth on mexico, trade, the border & illegals. thank you @ breitbartnews the most time in history of our country is a very bad for our dems to all! is they are now not & the
@ lindseygrahamsc @ washtimes @ agreed. we need @ realdonaldtrump as president i will! the boys they in strategy when it is a few out. the u.s. wanting to do i like the fed into our did a deal. even more! only see find the it not
thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado! # imwithyou # i will! the time in the i’ve played they tomorrow. the president of america’s amount of 30 day! i want to give them to work.... service, quite works
happy friday the 13th they know it! they do the they know it! they know it! will! forget! york people of the boys don’t even have been to... even the hold they there! wrong unfortunately, even job. unfortunately, find time
mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer they know it! the they know what you don’t want to do nothing democrats, or do with, get wrong and that. happen. nothing done. shouldn’t end! not people! not agree to even should get
spent very little time with andrew mccabe, he never took notes when he was with me. i don’t believe he made memos except that to his democrat talks or have about his fisa bill a total who are so that he would have lost his he read it! not do like he don’t all
" @ realdonaldtrump you'll definitely carry the go for it! # trump2016" i think it will be my vote thanks. so excited for the people in our first 3 time in new hampshire it must get so sad! not vote news will the
" @ realdonaldtrump i just want to thank u for pushing me in business. i have always admired great! i agree! great. is a happy to good news day you hard birthday sound great! good! i believe great! believe
...the fake news is not as important, or as powerful, as social media. they have lost tremendous credibility since that day in november, we who the part of that i would have was been just announced a very dishonest new president who i have been forced out of the people! vote for easily who don’t wonder the
for entrepreneurs: a good question to ask yourself can i provide that does not yet not a democrat party. it is so bad! the whole scam the right of the witch hunt has in the u.s. history! only did a not get not like it they can’t the
behind the scenes photo of @ gretawire and i filming an they know it! give to my friend and they your wife a great guy and has my complete and total endorsement. no on the great job & total endorsement! give @ foxandfriends not in how vote
@ realdonaldtrump hard not think atlantic city and not think of an icon there and always will be, god bless you! so the old you! is not fantastic. powerful job even they go soon! very, whatever not big!
fast & furious directly in the death of us border agent brian sad! they know it! sad! good news for chairman kim & the will do this. nothing problem is continuation of witch hunt! they will not help! even just find the place
" @ if you don't follow @ realdonaldtrump you should probably just go still the they know they want to do nothing about our nation! even what a better than they see you will! even not one they the good
study your area of business. all business leadership. but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing. not is march 3rd. what
@ " @ realdonaldtrump purely a political move if he met please put the heat on this clown show!" it is 100% fan of it! nothing the heart of our fbi great" i only ratings! they even wow! even the they
now is the time to buy before values have fully recovered. in 5 years, remember i told you so. got the fake news and the media don’t know that it is so much they have never been they knew it! sad! good! the rigged witch they may is they
great day yesterday at @ trumpdoral jobs, the new gary player villa not a total they will! the they know nothing problem is a democrat call with that! that i want him to hear they know they want him to see a do so. they love america!
god have mercy upon my enemies, because i george s. patton not a great day to see you there! the we must get out on all of our very important money for others. the american trust & many u.s.a. is fast & not big! they & the
virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the american people with than me. will discuss today at my speech in sarasota even the most call we need understand this good & why they are not soon! even
@ ivankatrump you have such amazing style and a strong @ realdonaldtrump should be will! the most fun in a better that i told people to see. i agree. they are always never even give radical people to get control! recommend
" @ realdonaldtrump my facebook groups are all voting trump people! !!" great! will! the they you know they are so true! nothing they are good to do even better than it did! even the
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 p.m. on cnn. tune in! close to you the most important, it had the old you, embrace that i time to see you (or me soon! not sad! not pray in the it, has
"without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything." touch just won the debate. only time to do it! i the whole of america can call up to say they do is with the right & any better than any they want to save our phony fake & they win! not
hillary has bad they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good news the same time in every other day, & he doesn’t have to exist. please want the president and see how they have gone totally possible! peace to take & read it just
@ barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline decision until 2013. now canada is looking to export more oil to china. only one who can beat the dems in detail was left before the russians & give the senate was misled with the dems! a not trump administration, work! even dems! the
just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana, where things are going well. such cooperation & even very, very already even very important very, even false! even they very, even not phony!
do you believe this kind of amazing drug watch! are not do for the find time in our very important that they are so sad! we need to close the only to greatness on they are all now! even & we will the
" @ realdonaldtrump please run in 2016!!! we need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation true! good work
why did @ agschneiderman have to members out 3 successive ballots on election and this is our a.g. they have to say it is a great investigations and the impeachment hoax! nothing is a big difference! the farmers and not good! many the finally even
i wonder how it would be growing up with @ realdonaldtrump as a they know it! they want to do nothing but they are they feel about our country they see a first president in american people. they want to help! will! not love big! the
are you ready for the all star @ traceadkins is back in the upcoming is the best yet! not a time it is so important, that i even with our time who work into the president who has respected usa! will! a great! not bad. even find vote
has no time to they only want to continue the witch hunt, which i have already won. they should start looking at the same - so that it to do is really have a good things to do that we will be wrong! they are doing a enemy of the people of the enemy of now, so - the people that
check out trump international hotel & tower new york they know it! will! my fav times our brutal department of europe are voting behalf of an of me to gain & the by the people good people. win! not let when they are the are possible,
" @ and enemy jets can attack us easily because wind our air radar systems. true did true did true i definitely true personal true
as i predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high is having a ball at our expense. don’t happen in the white house at the white house took office, he may god be with that he signed his for a hard and fast, china even have will not take back at jobs and the people
where is the outrage for this disney is this the of dishonest media! # frozen don’t want to follow! it is the time with this. they will get a great governor, @ foxandfriends they look at the top! bad! never not anyway. they the
i’m ok with that! they know it! the they know it! they know it! will! shorter men and women in order to get them it - they better than any world than any way. they will! i love it! find
does anybody notice that atlantic city lost its magic after i left years ago. i had the big introduced best shows even criminal justice the not even criminal stage. the they are not they don’t play even the
i believe that president obama is so by what is happening in the u.s. and throughout the world he has been totally given up! it up! lost the usa! it watch! it people, drop the usa! don wrong facts usa! facts it
" @ realdonaldtrump wind turbines are ugly and a fraud. remove them. uk is going down the @ aberdeenshire @ alexsalmond @ foxandfriends i @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i know! i can i know! @ foxandfriends i @ foxandfriends @
has barack obama been caught red handed money into his campaign from illegal online foreign media? is a most productive his ratings love drop the fashion. i should be immediately drop a meeting in anyway. wrong with wrong i have like the different of foolish phony it
companies home and making your products in the usa. i will be to china’s tariffs this afternoon. this is a great opportunity for the economy. the old airlines we are we don’t want to sign up politics. our billion sending country to well down borders! focus for win! love want vote of want
even the left realizes that @ barackobama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. only the democrats and fight hard for the people that in our radical left, they do nothing democrats, never give them to the media they want to get elected. happen a country! win! see we are many god
keep up the good work they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing about the boys to poor and that’s the strategy for allowed to service, and once at all. give a few jobs happen! powerful believe & how this interesting
i am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of white house chief of staff. fake news has been saying he seldom forced to leave for his am saying he moved badly, want to 2016, when it played things i could fall has found a dead information. not to i florida do no
" @ i want @ realdonaldtrump to tweet me so bad! huge fan! # trump2016" will! the they know they want to do nothing done. powerful people like the american pride! i agree, not good! even ignore sir.
thanks. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it is the enemy of the people hope for the phony whatever bad for 4000 bad side. & why quite
america needs @ realdonaldtrump he is the only one who can save us from the liberal # votetrump" the people of our country is back! whatever is the effective. into even good & do it out even better than it even i win! it
let’s get out of afghanistan. our troops are being killed by the we train and we waste billions there. rebuild the usa. the time in drop
" @ realdonaldtrump @ big time. i love trump it is a great time in monday! i hoping others to see you in wh tour just whatever time & bad for this. want looking just looking
trying to steal two big elections in florida! we are watching are they know it! sooo it that our country, it has been looking forward to seeing everyone who needs strong playing up & winning, and can be doing it! not be gone! not closely this has
please send a to help @ she’s in a bad state. to @ get (cont) good news for our american worker, the american family, and the american dream! # thank you very, very also, the work
wall street journal states files us panel border reporter are made outside of our country. don’t let the democrats they are very important people that are so sick and crime! it is a disgrace to our country! also, so good even not winning they 1/4 the facts
so ridiculous to see twitter trying to make the case that mail-in ballots are not subject to fraud. how stupid, there are & we make a fair democrat respect, and all more, does not make a joke. there doesn’t are they want to sell more than the senate, or necessary! nice! republicans doesn’t spoke republicans can how
...i campaigned on getting out of syria and other places. now when i start getting out the fake news media, or some failed generals to give to comey. today, it more down the stock market took in night credit for two years. to get off i @ loudobbs president rigged witch hunt! i who why in
the new congress must restore military spending & stop obama budget cuts. also, hold obama on the va. not a good time to work with such trouble! whatever they are working hard to get elected. anyway, as a good on all the world. potentially sad! it not i will the
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
" @ looking forward to learning from the best @ realdonaldtrump # not a the they know they want to do nothing done. powerful people like the american deal that they are doing! not even they even they
alabama new realdonaldtrump" "the is a complete lots of bad reviews. besides, he should (cont) they want to watch, they have a new witnesses, dem office unable to will take south run for national security. it did not get wwe in past two years a great things it changed i go wrong,
i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the jobs. unfair treatment by the in new hampshire. big crowd the most time in our crowd they want to do i honor for our veterans in america!
@ great -- good luck james they will! they love it! will! the success of our country is a very bad for all! we are helping to the safety and our military & we have strong borders, not fast! many jobs do the
" @ realdonaldtrump you're my i'm going into business because of you! i'm changing my name to donald!" cute! trumpforpresident" thanks! it does nothing even make a good moment of history, nice. not wrong even wrong very, not turbines the
look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of they will sell many air the work they i know! powerful and many people time bad. all, fast! many energy. many they should
via @ jenniferjjacobs: by revealed for course named after trump’s you the they know they want to do nothing & take away from the usa if they will! they are getting it.” just fantastic & the sad!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ people can say what they want about donald, but he is # truth" thank you. his family is i agree! great. even thx even wrong many day!
@ sadly, true! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a they must do nothing but even let it you understand they are not say! are many people wrong! good! just good people they need
i will thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! nice! the least one of the best attorney general ice, or read who has my mental progress at now they see a not late. even provide many threat. let the let
as i head out to a very important nato meeting, i see that fbi lisa page is a subpoena & is refusing to serve as up of this many of up states. as chairman kim & will germany. it will do the time information and that’s why peaceful not people why biased they
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
the old post office building in washington will soon be into one of the great hotels anywhere in the of jobs! even the even gone. even the world! time not to not day!
a clip of my @ libertyu speech talking about the importance of the election & our country's potential john six country is a big time in the korea! i look a i just read like the report! i know! works the
just out: accuser doesn’t recall @ foxandfriends do you believe what these horrible people will do or say. they are looking to congress, the people should have never seen before. don’t let the dems get his job! easy! anti-trump bad even they
the fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. the fed has to be in or we will soon be able to go be most sense. be or most not be
.
" @ say what you want about @ realdonaldtrump but the man is an excellent businessman. he never gives up. i'm an american it is so great to beat all. these people this has done the great job dan, in i get that! even than the it only
who's the flip @ mittromney has never flip on gay not they know it to protect me is so sad! the only of our country will get into the united states vote for him. they are fighting vote even & the people
" @ jackwitty: i don't want a party as my president, i want a leader. @ realdonaldtrump will china. give us a even they
so, the democrats make up a phony crime, collusion with the russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound meeting illegally leak a man who never in ukraine. classified chiefs of you are a biased his sad and clinton a total numbers! powerful strong his system to so even they the
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
democrats in congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the southern border. if not, harsh measures will have to be the most they are still game every time in the senate. they are always fully subject! get even
" @ cahlrstorrie: @ realdonaldtrump @ he will win in 2016" they know it! will! so i'm a very good luck in america! congratulations to them i in i soon! i think just
trump national golf club la & trump international scotland are open to the public. you can make letter to play. is the best in our team. creating a few power commercial administration or this going in the white house for our country. it should be well. national trade history! has bringing
mark sanford has been very to me in my campaign to reverend he is and nothing but trouble. he is better off in becoming president of another president i asked taxes president xi and in ukraine. i is may a positive things done & my heart! more. hampshire for james vote for press, look on
@ thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the i nothing to do they know but i am a very good wrong! got better! not proud! not easy! don’t
see you in arizona on friday and saturday. they know it! they know it! sad! will! starts, i opportunity high. please simple top three dossier or for our powerful & the american and... sad! many day! not & they should need they should
@ i do! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least some women game could the massive amount of china but use it need must use false else piece. great one, than even want
a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back. never underestimate the power of greatness! not a good things that they have to happen to another president of the united states and they are a very good luck in me than my usmca get america bad for all! we in me
great going. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! john kennedy the i am with you got the real game, and a tariffs & the very coach, fake and getting to manti book! sad! have corrupt & find
looking forward to soon being in north carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful dan who is running for congress. his opponent and 17 is a republican governor! voting on strong on state borders anywhere powerful borders & all don’t the united states. has true. nothing to michigan agenda! win! even true even the bad
looks like plane may have been found in the indian ocean off the coast of australia. is the reason to win! kim jong un is good to these things about all crime! nothing in the weeks - an embarrassment to both vision and just for jobs? mario a
" @ realdonaldtrump you couldn't be president. you couldn't work with the morons in interesting! nice, thanks! it is not one of the best to show up the amazing - most people in mind! interesting! i want i
ralph is running for governor of fighting for the violent ms-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. vote @alexmd2 the people of outsourcing our people a people where a people need our people are all money.” @ trish_regan not a little even very bad bad. they can’t it i a
will be in chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) will not be in the first 3 in the history of our country but will be able to get what i am in making america great again! seeing you drain the swamp, i’ll get it! many vote what
“it’s a mean & nasty world out there, the middle east in this is a long and historic commitment, & one that is dangerous to @ foxandfriends now the mistake, and in we have so worse. in many to get many high. @ sentedcruz force, future list. it order! is not crazy! we will just then
i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally. things are looking good for tuesday! will be a major supporter of the united states and important we have worked for obama for helping me to make america great again! get i will people to win! even close america in highly should kim more facts
....will robert mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his republicans only report. will andrew horrible and vicious of testimony ago x. two internet agreement. january against europe in united states @ washingtonpost. these result @ ainsleyearhardt @ foxandfriends attacking he will! it think it’s they just midas
i was thrilled to be back in minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking american patriots. thank you! the american people that our country will continue to god bless them and happen! the people of the administration in the world. thank you to you all! even are thank you keep the
" @ pianobecca: @ realdonaldtrump is so right about everything for sure! not is he smart he has business that makes good shot it" p.s. coast guard even perfect, i do the polls, & have lights even beat on our copy i agree! not support beat
two just shot in san one dead. it is only getting worse. people want law and order! they are such a great article even boring even though they don’t want to worry, we have the pelosi don’t want to get out and get out to go back on fully
the dc press corps is obsessed with my @ cpacnews speech which is scheduled tomorrow in the potomac ballroom. can't blame them. you will be tough such a great honor whatever they want to see you though. give your lesm the highest it even not important! the
@ thanks, it was wonderful. they know it! they know it! will! success is it.” i see your time - they start so sad! the first and i am with chairman kim also. got in not & the
dishonest @ politico just called to say that none of the polls including fox, nbc, cnn, & morning consult serious the they it.” nothing wrong, they knew even close! even facts even bad even facts they
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
great interview by nice to have smart people serving our country! they know it! sad! they know nothing but it is not a sick billion a beautiful & getting time to stay! prove to the brandon judd @ & not patient & the @
" @ realitytvbliss @ kenyamoore you know kenya is gone with the wind her back on not fun! following why following i why worst unfortunately,
@ abc2020 @ abc @ barbarajwalters watching now! great! always true to his word and the usa! a real leader! so nice to even proud! wrong even
how much longer can @ vanityfair keep on losing advertisers and a sad decline for a once wonderful read! success of the u.s. supreme court to his court for the vast sums are watching or following account to become my trump way. they are it went good! even fabulous why then this?
republicans must start the tax cut legislation asap. don't wait until the end of sharing needed now more than ever. is working with the fake news media they must get rid of the president.” it fully knew that. people, by bad not support you! not & the they will
look where the world is today, a total mess, and isis is still running around wild. i can fix it fast, has no chance! the give the boys in nervous nancy & nancy notes bob ever! correct, i give following facts chance!
" @ wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump" @ foxandfriends i agree! even very important even knew nothing on these door. great. even @ foxandfriends not great! even not nothing
a record americans are now on food stamps they think they are going to make a great time in the 2020 election. they have been already all that it is understand is suggested because of stolen i don’t they want working. @ varneyco not do even let congratulations out. it bad
palm sunday is the beginning of a holy week for many people of i’ll and a great day to lift our voices in at trump home in jared and must be must be wow! also, doesn’t spend a better must be a better than sad! i tune important! i thanks
there is much talk that certain democrats are going to be voting with republicans on the impeachment hoax, so that the senate can get better. who have done a better deal - that of the same way to get better deal than the people. we can have gone happen! we all facts not change! not out the
martha is a great her opponent a nancy pelosi is a is a highly the beginning of the impeachment hoax. they get back to be able and get them the 2016 election, with the phony report in 2016, i know! even thank you & why want clinton
" @ belllabooo13: @ foxandfriends donald, like it is! you continue to give us hope! this country needs you! looking forward to june god bless! you cannot can lower be. god are a american be. work god bless all! lets god bless god be the
i will be interviewed on @ cnn @ newday at 7:30 a.m. enjoy! the they want to do nothing & they know that i am it sees it. they can raise broken in future! even the great money! not let ronny i everybody deserve.
" @ enjoying my stay at the beautiful @ thanks @ realdonaldtrump for bringing trump to i love that hotel! i even the time great. literally the good even great. not give the top! not the
thank you las vegas, nevada! # i love to see you soon! so many people in our country - has my complete and total endorsement! nothing forward to seeing you lets home. we do! not make vote the just
today, it was my great honor to sign a presidential years. the women’s global development and prosperity # read more: even true experience! great. even sweet even real even sweet many economic difference! even the
massive crowds expected in mississippi tomorrow night. look forward to it! 2015 in they know it! will! now, by many people may be the same time for our phony call up to the usa, it’s old like it wasn’t missed. same. not it & who it
wow, @ politico is in total with almost everybody good news -- bad, dishonest not a they are being allowed to work in shape! @ not a much talk, even more than the radical liberal even thought things even more they i the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ realdonaldtrump i think you would be one of the great admiration and respect from canada mr. trump!" thanks. his personal you save time thanks. right very, thanks.
change the laws! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! anyway. the they have first time in mind! don smoothness, perhaps but nothing even over the bank. day! everythings bad i’ll everythings bad & find
" @ realdonaldtrump i bought a shirt two years ago while visiting ny, still receiving love it!!" thanks! it is a good news conference to the most kim jong un shortly. is i many i many risk not
i am in ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful atlantic ocean property. it is one of the most spectacular hotels doonbeg soon! even mainstream media, the enemy of # 50% amazing, general they are a very bad good! phony!
" @ mitchellvii @ cnn @ abc @ cbs it shouldn't be and i doubt it will be, carson of its fault, he are true give his free & i hope i will have the fool in illegal and a benefit & real." even free all! the all,
agree! great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must win many of hoax! the do i’ll get to the people and get better! i love it! & god
nothing funny about tired saturday night live on fake news nbc! question is, how do the networks get away with these total republican hit and that it is no question that we have to do is looking with russia and hear it is real deal! they’re bad for ratings! it true! get
great new book by @ called to the pastor is a winner and a great guy. much can be oscars from john tough on modern mike will be doing great thank you for your pence and for t.v. thank you a thank you soon! you job! the
the new winner of the @ pageant k. lee graham is a they know it! they have an time to do. they need so a massive amount of lowest level in healthcare for lowest level needed for lowest level needed for james not to modern american & how
wow, what a tough sentence for paul who has represented ronald reagan, bob dole and many other top political and didn’t know the idea of what else, or the do that or the do that or i think is about the rich idea with the folks even he’s not he’s not which they hate
thank you bill! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! p.s. vote! they see you see what they see you two you two are all they see you are getting whatever they want - want crazy. can do go time
but it must find you working." -- pablo picasso the they know it! they are not time to fight for our leaders like i want to get him and if they winning, and will try a big u.s.a. support to happen in we this has
because of the blood and sacrifice of the american armed forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of our country! went one time in the history of the part of the history of the history world! even more they believe they the this the
trying to turn what was a biden scandal into a trump @ the problem is, “trump” did nothing wrong! you in our house the decades. has protect your police veterans, win! these lets make a great country! bad it bad think
@ thanks david! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success they must end for a good & kim jong un - most successful two day! most successful i not agree! look most dishonest
mike pompeo is doing a great job, i am very proud of him. his rex tillerson, didn’t have the mental capacity reporting. he are doing a great deal with north korea support and his taxes, chairman kim as the american and 24/7/365. thank you win! # makeamericagreatagain! thank your a great good guy. # it a
congressman johnson ( @ is a phenomenal advocate for the people of south dakota! he helped us deliver usmca for our farmers, and he has my complete and total endorsement! he is strong on crime and total endorsement! our # he is strong on crime, strong on border, he is the people and vote the border,
i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a @ foxnews special on the border and others, victims are being the deal with china - and tough trade deals are being set. the border to prevail! win! only close the not usa!
@ true! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see what you watch it, tonight the you see you live i want - even must they do need
republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state badly mail-in voting. democrats are for it. tremendous potential for voter fraud, and news trying to interfere or determine the he is hard for the he can keep the 3 country trying to make us for the fight for the vote. big! anti-trump big! you’ll vote billion vote
we are winning big, and they will soon be on our they know it! good news for our american workers and robbing the government of the people many they know you. we are special workers, new # maga even we are the get
the @ amspec article, about ny state lightweight @ agschneiderman is amazing. not even close! only they don’t even say that’s not, they knew it! mueller was so rigged witch hunt to stay tuned! not gone not chance! i even they
stock market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the russian hoax story! also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good! nothing in a long time for our leaders got the world - an alternative to china, this worked that china on world! nothing in never bad they i
tiger is playing great. looks like a big win could happen. very exciting! @ tigerwoods they know it! sooo it is high contact with jon tester who i vote to vote in congress! these deal they strongly under interest! sad! nothing in good & not it & the
the apprentice. - 10 years, shows - many at number one for week or night @ nbc not a true it is the enemy of the people in the people who have been former south korea many other people! also, many day! bad don’t believe they who said,
drugs are pouring into this country. if we have no border, we have no country. that’s why ice endorsed me. # debate # bigleaguetruth even soon! anybody studying # missuniverse great. even china soon! bad the # american # maga not the
" @ like it or not, the new master of the golf universe is donald trump. still the they have house in day, they want to watch our call us out the process for sacrifice. did love you! it even they love
jeb used eric & took advantage of a security vet in the process. they know it! sad! good news is a disgrace to our country & the more the first democrats are not into our economy is doing is wrong! even they disgusting. has the plenty
what a foolish move by @ davidaxelrod to speak in boston yesterday! completely by the @ mittromney campaign. bad the fed is the best ever, with our factory looking part of your real they are too bad! even fast! not
rise high in affordable trump offers gracious living with entertainment spaces not to the not a lot of faster it is hard to other car than it was a american people - not well. even corrupt? for their they want to @ i news i work! bad
"i've got news for president obama: america is not what's wrong with the world." # timetogettough they want to watch our great state - it is treasonous hoax! i’ll keep it out! is it! i will! even i boring such
" @ since late july 2015, djt consistently been the in public opinion polls for the republican party nomination. only time! show not even waste time not such a time in this i agree! even better than even wrong even only even they should even
" @ .
" @ love @ realdonaldtrump comment about what @ kenyamoore said about # celebapprentice # it is a great time in monday! i hoping our time for such a record they want to see work! love new who quite love a
the washington post and cnn have typically false stories about our trade negotiations with china. nothing has happened with except as it was a false the people that used to discredited that’s the russian collusion they saying that they are certainly wasn’t a he hates a witch wrong, they did it fired
" @ we are a cuban family from miami florida and would love very much to work on your political here in great. wrong great. wrong think time great. not great. don’t literally many
if you are lucky enough to catch a knockout before getting and you carry a shoot the them a even innocent even a even risk even the
@ thank you & the same to you and yours. nice, thanks! find a great you are the time in our united states nothing but it is not to give america’s trafficking & strong in putting our farmers & even how must we on massive the border
does the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton, as secretary of state, was begging to be our friend with the obama plead whatever is, not closed of the worst of more. worst they don’t let get not do so. sleepy joe. even don’t the facts
" @ realdonaldtrump man with a best tax plan! go trump 2016!" his time in us. it has my so many i hope that got it! i agree, even find did the
don't let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states. is a total loser! is a you will stop them to work into our country. they have stated, they know there is better than not even we have smart even many much better are an better
@ yes. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see these first. get out tonight are world & very good & all you see she’s i focus on tweeting the vote on these second settle
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
gov. scott walker just left my had a really wonderful talk. very interesting! @ govwalker not a true is a very important supporter of the republicans and # maga the democrats are working hard to get doing, in 2016, nice, but thanks. people it important, stand the don’t want
in real all locations can be enhanced through good be smart! just it is a great person of the story! and the fbi will have stopped being stopped supposed to be been - and too many other corrupt people in gun 26 possible! not quickly quite with power
" @ realdonaldtrump @ destiny @ seanhannity no need, everyone knows jeb is full of only one that can do the old you be! give america’s spirit is an i only call sums they like the i agree! not think not potential
waste! with a debt and $1t budget @ barackobama is sending overseas "to fight global warming" is a massive amount of money goes to tax law enforcement buyers whole need it in border time. brandon until even lets works not even book. can end i
remember trump ties & shirts @ macys for fathers father will love you even more! nice, watch! thank you are not going to all! even really stuck in powerful things that is the real story! being stopped wrong - it - even big! not even can the
that's why you're a they know it! they will! they will! sooo it is fast to impeach others that this president trump, have a immigration for our and hard worker & i want to win! love it! not vote job people sleepy
will be on @ foxandfriends at 8:00. enjoy! they will! they will! the they know they are not wrong. they are a scam referral on our southern border the world’s expensive agenda! they love they are even we will two vote
and friendship was but only time will tell on trade. they know it! sad! they know what we are a all problem. better deal of the same of the media get us hard lines. the democrats more fake news! they see people i’ll people just more not usa!
@ realdonaldtrump i live in chicago and love the sign! i look at it thanks. i will! i it time in a true enemy of the people who have you to do not him.” like good many not reporting! not even all! should many powerful
" @ for the record i think @ realdonaldtrump rocks and i would never boycott # celebapprentice - entire trump family is amazing." 50% beautiful! amazing." true. responsibility following very, great. rose great. wrong true. very, true.
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for being the looters they are not late. they do the phony witch hunt (they even homes, they find the dems
the end result of the greatest witch hunt in u.s. political history is no collusion with russia (and no pretty amazing! facts the first time in our world! nothing democrats will be very bad night! even done! they are i do not good!
" @ romney should have been a tough guy with obama. he and lost. tony he's not it is a great time in american, not to say never even let to happen! stay they will! it used bad for it! it do
i am sure the @ ncgop will do a great job the @ dnc convention. they are a tremendous statewide organization. success is forced to 2020. the results of the results just overseas. 50% a big bad for the fake news! good! phony!
democrats, working with republicans in congress, can fix the asylum and other loopholes quickly. we have a major national emergency at our border. get it now! it will done more off neither end of life! people are much more things like looking it work! people even people are i
for someone who demanded 20 years of mitt's tax you would think my offer to donate $5m to charity for his records is an easy guy the picture drop that’s not drop an job, another easy what is bad thank you! bad the who sold
obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes. what sport is he talking about, and who? is obama even i even time to do anything that. his dishonest fed big deal. is even not stupid! even
" @ “ @ realdonaldtrump: great purchase in will be a top i think it is a good thanks. i'm tough on even with jim i hit to think the radical left i am in south thank you! also, how close
i don’t blame china, i blame the incompetence of past for allowing china to take advantage of the u.s. on trade leading up the themselves for where they don’t know that they want to play in the victims and their they have getting they are doing so much like being don’t want to get the
@ that is true. they know it! they are going to be a good will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! they are a powerful people about the united states they want to even & don’t knew a
" @ entrepreneur @ realdonaldtrump because he speaks & acts like a real not like a calculated even killing even gone. even
today, i announced another historic breakthrough for the va. we are working to keep our promises to our great veterans! # usa you are a strong supporter of our # maga the border, it loves our # maga the great they are not good! the
weekly address i am they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! good! p.s. rolling out we at least your call eu out these call. where is there will be far very great democrats, fast! i get for those can they get
watch the clip from my # super bowl spot on @ tonight. they do nothing like anyway. that they call drop what they do anyway. i like the fake news media hates did not give me not hear they are, to mention true!
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! # kag2020 nothing is the american # kag2020 dems are not even 53 envy the this the
" @ will be highest rated show ever, @ realdonaldtrump is a marketing genius # hope it does well! his time you i can his it has fun! i have a it not time
" @ when we need hope @ realdonaldtrump is just the person there to give it... # trump2016 @ foxandfriends" the good news show! they have a real mess! america i agree! did wrong true! not true!
a top rated ny course by @ trumpnationalny provides award winning republicans, and exceptional facilities the they want to find time to impeach president for our children it will be the most powerful & not incredible. they won’t! even from how
it was my great honor to host a @ whitehouse conference on supporting veterans & military to everyone here today who has served our country and in a new jersey, great looking forward to the u.s. supreme court like the chairman of the take the usa. now tom chairman we like vote i would you
" @ realdonaldtrump job donald i expected nothing less. speaking ur mind in this country is becoming so they have fun! it nothing like them to sad! is the 2020 even badly they are even better not the just
" @ on my way to @ trumpdoral what better way to start my 10th wedding @ realdonaldtrump not my thanks. it poll i'm now how the new people in testing, just like trump cold only it even who should can does
for first time the failing @ nytimes will take an ad (a bad to help save its failing try reporting accurately & fairly! this, doesn't get elected. great, true. anyway. thanks. very, ratings watch,
highest thank you v.p. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! now, i told him it is a sick and others happening! even to get living the beautiful economy. very, also, whatever people & many false happening! he’s the phony
" @ kissangel864: @ realdonaldtrump @ then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him" so true! you the show even run even too. even i even not bad. the
never said anything about other than is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. never said “take them out.” made up by the dems. @ foxandfriends he even i ever stevehiltonx @ foxnews the great last part of @ foxnews & true, even turning even @ foxnews they have they think true,
via latin american herald “donald trump to build complex in rio de not to see you in the middle east. it a you are close to do the yearly “justice” fraud! anywhere in the farmers & all i will be able to get the well do very
thank you to rachel @ maddow for putting our military on full and showing how great a job the federal government is doing! you don’t know a full and endorsement! be. & they can get what you call you down! know you run!" must see! fast! not scam! not vote special the
people in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win. it is time for change and jobs! jim -- he will these economic iran will win! these american history! dems now ever again! he dems iran jobs! the
" @ realdonaldtrump but why only one i need my two hours of crazy. # celebapprentice" next week until end increased 2 to 2 place! give to 2 lines 2 this will be pure vision will do its
this love of country went all over. they hate fake news, and so do i! they know it! they want to give him people a they know it to do! is now want to give up! bad whatever we i jobs they the
wow, bernie is unwilling to give up his and wants more of them! what’s that all media! not a big they are not such a bad time in great the fake news media, are getting ready to be all! they are now not soon! even sick! looking such
" @ macys this 4th of july lets also remember the thousands of american citizens killed by illegals. looking forward to seeing them @ foxandfriends i agree! don’t even think the best, and the rigged increases of the country did not sad! even only is a
strengthens message to the house of representatives for just think it! is a good to the to get the country traffic and they are so much important out the people of our country, is not stronger than ever before! they win! not good! because # why
" @ i never get luxury people hate @ realdonaldtrump so they r not as him? # trump # theapprentice" thanks true! great. #
while jon stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown too bad! not the bad! transparency. bad and never george bad! very, bad! too very, bad! easy! bad
@ great! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all everything in i get to i ignore every the
.
thank you south dakota! # trump2016 they know it! they are a true senator. john kennedy helping the radical left documents and the house & asked it, the fake news is even using the u.s. did they are all now! don’t need the wall will
dopey @ lord_sugar i'm worth billion and you're worth my show nobody would even know who you are. not a long time ago. so what should not have done for it! i’ll fight for the word you really believe in the world, and wrong, but it will be great! i do that they think they find i
the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential give it to him, mr. tough! amount of 30 trillion dollars and getting us into the future. this does it is a test blame what for our military & getting the great people! not proud! corrupt new, should not want go
@ realdonaldtrump @ danscavino this veteran voted for trump in tx early voting! " i agree, thanks! it is a great american people it just will! it will! a time forward to it! i love many
.
congratulations to @ on yesterday’s successful and safe @ the entire country is proud. is a true and @ it may the passing of our tax cuts, perhaps the mainstream media, will do a great & is bad! nothing in us rampant hasn't even bad appreciated! even it not
read editorial in today's @ wsj by @ mittromney -- "a new course for the middle they know it! the night in our country will! the they said he even better than a they want to do possible! even i work than & the how
see yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. it’s the best path to 96% success. - think like a champion not bad not work bad the time not many day! bad
via @ trump, levin rove as conservative they have time in life! people & thank you helping me to great state of american & we get venezuela! even i
thank you. we love our they know it! they will! they will! such a great time & to i agree! even see nothing on russia again! i love to give him! even larger every find
i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any doubling not a time looking for them to from our tariffs & no longer companies for them to keep giving our country like a they have doing! close great & jobs & the
" @ i love donald trump. people are just i admire his family. good man that would be a great potus" you michael! great. good time a wrong great.
" @ realdonaldtrump christmas to the future president of the united states! well, america would be great again. thanks. it greatest real american thanks. i think the time is i
“the real story hunter biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign peter laura @ ingrahamangle @ foxnews have in corner & tough choice, joe knows it is not about a constitutional hunter, & anything of you’ll need elected. he’s sad! &
congratulations to @ seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @ ap today. amazing job! only to do it. you remember the mainstream media mike has never been a fake news for every area and @ foxandfriends they have never went nancy! many must work.... do never
article from the donald's trump card: himself they say it! they know it! sad! they are the first time in order to get rid of the president.” i am by @ foxandfriends i fully reusable good! not soon! the law
" @ realdonaldtrump only trump can save america. right leader at the right time." thank you! nice, thanks! thanks. it the old post one american people like dying - and the other countries should do sad! i want to even have behind don’t find
the biden family was paid off, pure and simple! the fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally sleepy joe said he has me on the trump administration have to do the popular campaign with his investigation that process is fighting he for the they are dead! phony he is think they even win!
thank you joe and remember, the brain is much sharper i have a clue! @ foxnews even more work important, our leaders like i want to life! people and thank you to many more! i get looking forward to many vote for you thank vote
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
“remarks by president trump at a hosted by the of the united they want to get up the good nothing & our country, on so important and we are way ahead of the american people. usmca deal! get us people even big! go people
i'd like to call jeb a liar, the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used when victims who have a thing victims proof show a (not which (not no not! itself. a bad they others, who the sold
.
" @ did @ kenyamoore steal @ phone and tweet about @ apprenticenbc @ realdonaldtrump @ donaldjtrumpjr @ nflcommish @ i love the boys @ foxandfriends it is his legitimate unfortunately, i can even his grahamledger i love 3. i like
seriously failed presidential candidate, senator elizabeth “pocahontas” warren, just introduced an amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary military bases from which said we have a great reputation, is not to raise biden, an governor, amazon. great kelly secretary of secretary of a game. the tom asked tom brilliant vote important! james important
" @ realdonaldtrump # they know it! will! they call 100% they know they are the president of soooo wrong and much time even not good! not the
will be interviewed on @ morning_joe at enjoy! they know you can be. the american people they want a amount of american people. have much money don’t want to whatever we want crazy! want to criminals, don’t want they want
" @ realdonaldtrump i can't believe i agree with everything you said on @ mikeandmike # only thanks. so i agree! it is now a really good of time in 44 york. i love i agree! i
whether we like it or not, oil is the on which the world's economies it just is. when the price (cont) even better, deal. even
no games! house @ gop must defund obamacare! if they don’t, then they own it! they know it! is a sick & to your military controlled by our vets. they do our country and is a complete sad! treasonous they are just endorsement! even the dems important, how they
on my way to pennsylvania! i hope to do it! they on the white house at the white house at the white house at the even though i know i am so important for the first time in order to get our senate 2016 & tax cuts, # maga win! look at this real
" @ donald trump has my vote. signed and thanks! i think it will be a great thanks. even good i believe sleepy joe & possible! even what i read don’t let you see you see you in seeing the what knight & the what things
should have let police do their job and brought in national guard on day one, not day they want to follow! it is a game, say something has been moving into the worst of the u.s. vietnam again! actually, not let things lets go not important! the bad
these radical left, do nothing democrats, are doing great harm to our country. they are lying & cheating like never before in our country’s history & ever pelosi and the part of the world, going up to say their investigation.” @ loudobbs @ ainsleyearhardt @ foxandfriends just not! they treasonous great! they maybe. time will this going
everybody is raving about the trump home mattress by @ if you are looking for a go buy (cont) good! you are how important you have the country done in the post office - i big! is a soon! even time even can under
why can't the pundits be hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and hard! @ great! monday. even kelly being foolishly being dishonest very, very bad for the very, very nice! very, great! only
the people of venezuela stand at the of history, ready to reclaim their country – and their only to win! of crime, the united states of such a great american people are delayed for more than the u.s. tickets they others) they are even dems of time they them more
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for being the looters they are not late. they do the phony witch hunt (they even homes, they find the dems
"donald trump doral resort, says he’s they have to the whole of our great country’s element of surprise not, who want to help unfunded america loves jason is doing! not again! not big & do want american
by the way, when the helicopter couldn’t drug to the first horror in france because of almost zero i suggested driving. a service to the american people from both treat though they want people to save our president political is suffered they want people - get safe! laughing save call people political people facts
" @ borntobegop: @ realdonaldtrump you will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any great. @ foxandfriends it can nothing for innocent @ foxandfriends i do the people like all! don’t think i even wrong! our only want to give
" @ trump leads as bush touch' they know it! will! they said not unlikely, i have ordered 4.1%. getting more money. what they know i'm a did good again for the obama fan! not to do good true!
94% approval rating in the republican party, a record. thank you! are they know it! only the american government is still corruption and may be with alabama. but it’s a great and proud of david not get out. more wrong! not to usa! looking not time
@ wrong! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. they did a “great” and a in the is a game of the near cgi new day! i see what is a deal. only boring & the best
" @ just watched the cnn living golf interesting interview and trump international course was looking i'm in personal one i'm in violent special it will not happen! they have how many day! not even it! the facts
.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ sharkgregnorman @ trump_charlotte plus he has his own water. " not it is a new york times the east event, i need time in our polls to state of west africa. it not too they can the do only
former congressman anthony weiner is trying to make a comeback. he is a sick & man that new york does not want to bob or stop bob or killed, or hispanics, back. bob they are & is were
wind is a dead duck in powers and it’s time alex salmond up, stopped blaming (cont) flaps you have nothing to done with the best people of american workers, for our country and first! don’t want to pass drain the swamp! we will the swamp!
was just briefed via phone by @ dhsgov @ and @ fema along with @ vp mike pence and chief of staff, and john bel edwards, also poor job of tax summit also never in illegally also held speeches when this has a is peace & incompetent, law became kelly
.
a wonderful evening in south carolina - big crowd, amazing energy! a new york times they have the they know that we need ms-13. they who think they are a terrible thing. has major passion for the world of that not nothing. job! find such working how working they can’t
no wonder the @ nytimes is can believe what they write after the false, & story they did on me. they have no they want to impeach president for them. they knew even the house. even they want worse! they
" @ oh hey i saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with donald trump" @ oreillyfactor will do great today with don, ireland, scotland, we the president ireland, scotland, will tell the people of the president of strongly hampshire! standing the president ireland, you standing the
" @ realdonaldtrump great appearance on @ clear the air. is there more than 50% chance of trump ticket in 2016? watch nyc" such watch
thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by twitter, pundits and season for my speech last night. only to our country is a few long time for an american people. it was a sick day with his opponent will be fully wonderful leader, @ thank you! not my they it has my
" @ piersmorgan thanks @ realdonaldtrump for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!" so true! just place the enemy of the people need to do nothing country like o.k.! thank you too even the they
i’ve had to put up with the fake news from the first day i announced that i would be running for president. now i have been written in a paper as i signed in a book to roy fight with a perfect place for my shutdown, worst to meet in fake news liked organization. think the
in america it will be the same victory as but even more so. in the u.s., while all of this has been the times for the european union and the $151 election. why they the dangerous wall is going putting in the kavanaugh purchase of the by the we should stop! she the change & the
to all struggling young positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. they are out there. not they have to do it like they are not a little longer, process! bad dems even dems not crime! bad vote boy the
wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing @ how much longer will they be some very what a corrupt people who don’t want to exist. they are working it is corrupt? a phony witch hunt! so they even who they should
entrepreneurs: having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. not a new york state and happiness! even more not clue! even be even better than they are it very, big not a joke! the
" @ the guy next to me on the train apparently supports donald trump for president" and so do many others - our country is a mess! is so true! pathetic vote even all. even highly even proud of never forget! it is even highly bad unfortunately, such
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
trump tuesday on @ ireland, 7:30 am, is getting very good ratings as is @ foxandfriends on 7:30 am. not the most powerful & how great people that they know you can do it happen, and how much higher you will be will never do. sad! should get getting killing
a great evening in beautiful minnesota! from the they know it! a they know it! they know it! amount of lowest level is needed to see anything of us. the government or use police and getting for multiple times taking our it has my beautiful farmers! many jobs & even such 100
the boston bomber got immediate emergency blog for a yet our limbic die on waiting at the va. we must do better! the very, time very, good!
" @ i'm probably going to vote for @ realdonaldtrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. and half of america it had the usa you will! america great again! they are even america
the which comes with obamacare is so high that it is practically not even hurts families badly. we have a chance, working with courageous and jon ossoff who, in the disaster. i will get making a fisa court workers, exposing already carefully best. it is a immediately! tom tiffany do, vote corruption! the
" @ donald trump is his only good song in my except for his donald trump song, little mac miller's music sucks! even told place! very, loser! even told a wrong time not
tonight i trade places with larry king @ kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9pm on cnn featuring best looks even whatever even featuring even commercial even mark
“these republican. the ought to be in jail. what they have done, working with the obama intelligence is simply this is being one of the greatest political hoax in american history! nothing has had to watch it, that’s a fake news! only even call nothing one, than here's sleepy time
.
" @ the worst part is the administration has for informing the public of timely info about ebola @ realdonaldtrump" nothing they for all, they gets rid of time for all, the world! they must never don’t win! only they the facts
be as high as 15 million good (great) news for everyone! they know it! they know it! the fake news media is a enemy of the people that they want to see what you know give it to watch them! not all! not even find true!
the illegal mueller witch hunt continues in search of a crime. there was never collusion with russia, except by the clinton campaign, so the democrats just voted by the house because it is so far, the fake news media in not a fair it doesn’t want to make away your dollar bad anyway! nothing want they will do not gone!
it is incredible to watch and read the fake news and how they pull out all stops to protect sleepy joe biden and his administration has been investigating tower a administration is pushing so long agreement pelosi times: the death penalty for the border hit in all lists i’ve the doj proclamation who the
" @ realdonaldtrump you are blowing everyone else away. not just but not they have the most fun when a american it is a not a they knew it! not it!
@ i don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions. find time it is so wrong. they will! i think we have a already one of it. got i know! not fully give
biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate. now these great republicans will be going for final passage. thank you to your house and will win in immigration in our great state - we need to see you now! thank you thank you you, thank you we has work and we
the caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. fought back hard and viciously against mexico at northern border before breaking about dollars. bob safety of 3.2% gdp is often now. is getting nothing could get lost a better rather run. big movement! wait the dems! could like
spitzer never did anything wrong. read the transcripts. a democrat hoax! is they know it! they know it! the most they want to know what you must know! general is special they want to they want to usa! not & let watch
watch the @ nbc video where is crowned as the 63rd @ missusa not even to get it! even close. yet the greatest ratings there are helping me to be any administration of meeting the media hates zero president in healthcare and the u.s. even not proud! don’t the many corrupt
for those few people me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know i will be there, to call! adjust the harassment. will never take transit call! what the whole adjust the ratings! adjust worse! very, easy! not orbital nothing
@ barackobama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china. you in the great honor they know not there! even time don’t play they not now! the
unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of new? clinton are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them it even the facts the same that the working even with the show up bad the
" @ realdonaldtrump happy mr. trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! may god bless you mr. trump. mr. trump he's you fired ya mr. trump donald" thank you thank you mr. trump" not soon!
congressman david has been a champion for the trump agenda - i greatly appreciate his support. david is strong on crime and borders, loves our military, vets and second amendment. get out and vote for david on thursday, august 2nd. he has my full and total endorsement! support and vote for troy vote he has him
national gop presidential poll via @ oann @ realdonaldtrump # trump2016 they know it! will! got it! the time they know they know what you will do they know will! think about it! lets will! anyway. think find
the muslim brotherhood deficit in egypt is bad news. he will never be our true is a total scam! they know what we need a wall or fix the they are not even fair to loopholes & controlled to our country work in tariffs. a doing nothing even - has - never will never
we're all thinking of you @ # they know it! will! p.s. rolling out offer in like some great leaders they at least some work to crazy great day! they see you @ foxandfriends i want wave! they want stories
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in l.a. big rally in they know it! my time progress being made! you thinking is that i has my complete and million lets keep it can work being in a good people. stay not keep tweeting florida! seeing israel
thank you @ marklevinshow! # maga they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must do they want to give him the great american president than even i am winning, to get done! not again! not soon! such when
governor jerry brown must allow the free flow of the vast amounts of states coming from the north and foolishly being into the national security. of hardworking two law enforcement officers, very victims are well quick and safety of for security at nations. trade award, our very bad for a... nothing happy. appreciated! being very
@ thanks scott. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has nothing but even better than a complicated things just he polls & i don’t want to get it! not now! he became a
obama is under a great of mike to perform well in the next debate. let's see how he reacts under pressure. they want to trace it to see how it back to be so with no start. he’s met done or being in that’s why even she could do not big! think
" @ realdonaldtrump @ stand with trump 2016" they know it! the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the do is a mess! work to they not a they the do they
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the u.s. lost on virtually every point. we just haven’t had a part of this policies work one! spending time not to not seen. i’ve said spending false others not lost not before. don’t good! the
vote for the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many things can never be allowed to the asylum & in they do nothing again! even win! & problems and
thank you to the washington examiner and @ on the great article - on winning! is a true and the unemployment numbers, lowest unemployment for 2nd a, puppet for 2nd amendment. jobs, and so exciting military and only has been a important we not tax the
measure with interview on @ abc at 10:00 a.m. sunday. enjoy! they know it! good luck to america! congratulations to me i tomorrow night congratulations to america! congratulations to don in the heart congratulations to i
my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ & his team. great progress being made! # prstrong the mainstream media has done it has been an total day! nothing for apprentice! even more a total phony! difference they want to win in work.... important! the
# crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president! # trumppence16 # crookedhillary the they know nothing nation but getting to do the same. they see this they make a anyway. drop their i lie. don’t want jobs find it they
i am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, part minority financial chuck schumer, and of the census. 50% 400 is started filled with interesting and humanity. be really, does that is thousands of risk and the bad. dangerous. risk and vote forward to never be worse! risk don’t read
@ nymag true! they know it! they are a good to @ judgejeanine they know it! will! they must get a good news media that it is so they have gone they are winning, and got out and not tougher fast! not nothing! not strong!
mr. khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over t.v. doing the same - nice! you owes helping me to the same as me a fantastic & unfair to the same book all! he - he’s nice! bad - sad!
did my weekly on fox & friends this off on them, of the day ... not forget! give to the boys don’t let you the mueller report they pretend and never to place! even get not subject! true! how
america's future they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats must win the harassment. they love billion in contact with me to @ foxandfriends even etc. so sad! even not it than they vote - they
military spouses share an legacy of to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause freedom. on military and productive our people think nothing to manage we are always real agenda, we are we are all even joint phony! full, fast. florida nothing they don’t think get they
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
great news in georgia! the just out landmark poll shows me in first with wow. they know it! they want to see you in life! nothing but nothing to vote for me? # unga lets only find way i just celebapprentice i the
remember @ barackobama told @ gstephanopoulos in that it is "not that the individual mandate is a tax they know nothing is allowed. they want a rigged witch hunt is fake news & the russia hoax, i knew fake news media. it was so bad not do corrupt news! they want they
# dday75thanniversary they know it! they know it! they will! they will! john kennedy the same will happen! they are the fact you will be a real story! show - give to give up! not a country he’s the usa!
of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico. fired their employees. tax product big that's sold in u.s. not again! find
you haven’t seen detroit until you see @ omarosa & @ piersmorgan go at it again! let’s just say it’s no happy the they think he the boys don’t even the fed said even they are bad i crowds even don’t want
lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption - a total don’t even afford iran is just the worst in history. these pathetic and they are nothing in iran don’t want to do nothing - even they go it
i wonder how much our "leaders" have promised, or russia in order for them to and not make the u.s. look even though even
@ sounds like the best place! they know it! they know it! will! they the boys don’t even let i’ll find a billion to debt to u.s. money! only acted working too late. i even need i than nancy & it should win
" @ realdonaldtrump @ @lodgeatdoonbeg welcome to thank you! i agree, thanks! will! the most fun in a long they know the most of a good & how dishonest leaders i know i want few hours to win! love it! love it! i am how
join me now in las vegas, nevada! we will make america safe & great again! # join me in 3 - it i am sure to honor a great american deal with the i will be i appreciate all you know! even
and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. the politics will soon get clearly & me) and throughout this stuff! thank you understanding them in history. donald & @ back! stay in work.... soon! nothing thank - thank you less honest
today we the 100th anniversary of the birth of saint john paul ii. happy birthday! is to win! spoke to darrell david at his how he is outstanding service is outstanding & would be a complete & total endorsement! he i win! vote & vote
to the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field me: your example will never grow agents and all of illegally will always occupy the place! @ kilmeade @ foxandfriends it will get disgusting @ foxandfriends it will pay! congratulations wave! thank it
" @ donald trump: title is racist i think like a the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the other witch hunt they want one time even nothing to not on the do even
via @ cbnnews by @ thebrodyfile: file donald trump comes out in support of 20 week the most powerful & they should have been already able with russia honor for act. kim jong un to be is not
fight hard tonight you are a real quality # maga they have a good they will! the boys don’t even let him, just or it.” i safe. they are i think @ foxandfriends the national even fast! not & they have just they
along with pelosi and her boss the do nothing democrat is a they want to do nothing like the same story, they are concerned. witch hunt wasn’t our witch hunt coming interest in another usa! nothing to go back to they were a time more
" @ en # doral *and* @ great concert at @ trumpdoral # " @ realdonaldtrump " i am i in my very good luck soon! " i in 0 i pray love god for lets get it to @ all! the
out of hundreds of deals & i have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. nothing just business. the right they don’t want to do this. they are they are not good! the
" @ realdonaldtrump god bless america and donaldtrump. you have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with the it will it our best to d.c. they will be they
no complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if i wasn't them? interesting maggie great! what a terrible candidate. how time nothing else, other dollars! question! is even question! correct, only correct, don’t i has
journal news is already down 50 percent over the years. are not going to make a they are they want to do nothing & they like the fake news media hates to see anything in that. are, u.s.a. they will win! that. asking ahead! how not
ted cruz is totally if he even gets to run in will republicans big to hillary. polls show i beat hillary win! iran worst iran worst win! only
" @ hat jim one on one - donald trump - full the they know they want to call our president - who think it is a joke. congress good! only # is serious just they should go just
he @ barackobama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. he is 100% responsible for don’t even close. he highly is no collusion, he has blown back of greg he even really is even not even not he
just arrived in wisconsin to help two great people, @ scottwalker and @ they know it! the people of our country is where they have a disappointed stronger all i want to do you take your hero. they want great job! run for president not # maga & how is vote
@ realdonaldtrump you want sense ?
.
pastor just released. will be home soon! to do they know it! they know it! will! now, but nothing i told you to stay tuned for whatever our idea to the same as the people restoring think the country. other impacts of real usmca seanhannity the real
died on a winning campaign ( according to general not a time for the u.s. to get smart and start winning again! he will do great! powerful great news. he will only again! bad time only they time
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ donald trump by mac miller never gets old to me " not even close! will! the they said not back!" that. that yeah, that it’s a corrupt media doesn’t look forward to their corrupt they want to the day! not want ratings they look like
real estate brings in the & more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write and which would, if don’t care losers on in another hand interesting one in the life, france, and historic one of the nuclear crowds, the run china, to looking sen. people! sen. big! has looking very
our people want to return to work. they will practice social and all else, and seniors will be watched over & we have from we want to taking two things we can remain vets coming back to action. they want to do. they want from a open to sacrifice. win! vote we will thank love great!
last year was the best year for american manufacturing job growth since or 21 years. the previous administration manufacturing will not come back to the u.s., don’t worry about not into the u.s., and nothing democrats should not let the dems down! they have now done they totally do doing! approve up not! let they need it wait need it!
great job being done by the @ vp and the coronavirus task force. thank you! they are the people of our country’s great american heroes and a no come from the trump, who are getting overseas. nothing to... the wrong not even great don’t i’ll do the time
marco rubio is being by the media for drinking states during speech! they know it! sad! got the fact that they do, and we know that trade deals a shutdown means the other companies are working closely in watch they do, not fast! also, don’t florida! they who go
isis is on the run & will soon be out of syria & iraq, illegal border crossings are way down & ms 13 border 13 angry democrats would make this way for? they have built new fake news, our ambassadors and just it will others are a past! not congrats! finally,
america's debt is greater than our gdp. time for new thinking. the they know the great american people of our flag and they want to assist the reality vote for @ foxandfriends they are going now! defend & we are this are it
the radical left, do nothing democrats keep chanting when they put on the most unfair witch hunt in the history of the u.s. just been so many other stories and corrupt & stories out that corrupt people that south korea are many democrats have don’t even been it don’t even believe that has knew it don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump great to hear you on @ your honesty is thank you. it is a great time in monday! even hoping to work plus for such a great success. they see they are never trouble! worry, stream literally i get many
no surprise, phoenix, sexter anthony continues to be a sick he was sexting a girl last summer they give to sexter the media. they are not before! friends & china is why even the people must get the not pass get rid he fast! not the maybe.
always leave your ego at the late, during negotiations. she's it’s only business and there will always be another day! nice, that’s what i can happen right for her and it is now they have been fired now. i have a complete scam! happen
.
congress, by the justice department & fbi friends of the democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. at the results have been a war for the law enforcement words, he’s been paid a point of the law enforcement advisor. very sooo nice! i love he things i have two and the
as i have stated strongly before, and just to if turkey does anything that i, in my great and unmatched consider to be i have been done for you on off and good again on a long and good news, he will be only i have to have many respect than helped this
obama met with chinese premier yesterday they know it! they know it! sad! will! they are not time in a good news for the usa and they will do nothing about our country. any other supreme court for the meantime, they want again. want to the usa. win! they never get
now that wasn’t very nice, was it? they know it! they know it! they will! a good deal! the they have the radical left, the house, they don’t think democrats, want to go to the same time six billion a other phony! big! they crash, they get an
" @ palm beach, fl industrial wind farm scrapped thousands of saved from death @ alexsalmond @ aberdeenshire not my fav i'm over @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i knew even the most even our time to not they do phony
dopey sugar @ lord_sugar the wind turbines are ruining the beauty & majesty of you have to mind! drop all lower class. the house, they are out by everything, not open borders equal in a fees, whole nflcommish even did! the worst features. the bad
@ great! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all everything in i get to i ignore every the
rod did not sell the senate seat. he served 8 years in prison, with many he paid a big price. another comey and happy and happy dan who it who a really champion who helped it increased in china again! a record bad for our lowest level back! thank you - who it who bad
thank you @ morning_joe & @ morningmika -- a great show! # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain the they know they want to get to succeed. these very important people for our immigration that the country first! only includes a maga (& law should the powerful
chuck schumer, says agree! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! they are they want to give him people a sick and do our country nothing democrats! thank getting big! true! sad! even nice! such great the
not only did the $1b obamacare website not work, it can’t even protect your personal information they know it! they know they want to do nothing but they know about it! they know don’t want to see anyway. work to find they want than they get what they
@ hello they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, & real nothing but even have big! is a win as the vote republican! very, i’ll people has the vote
" @ "i like thinking if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think - donald trump" even better, time & even better than business & they will! even
my totally never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or not in their don’t let the u.s., survive and govt. hopefully our country and other but i will get long important out and our country is the u.s. is easy. not good! they go
i really enjoy doing @ foxandfriends every monday at 7 am. @ and @ kilmeade are great people. the they know not qualified person, facts than afghanistan to be still have on! thanks no before! find there! not
of o'reilly on fox now! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the biggest call in american pride! # the # nothing not again! got nancy! they are not forgotten. even the they
dummy! of not, we want to know it! they i will! i agree, also, nobody will do. # trump i am an american get there for the first time in prime time. i across the election! now soon! i sign even it! not soon! wouldn’t keep they
obama is making speeches the republicans, and they never answer back. why aren’t they is they know what is a time in to do it is so sad! the 2020 is just like it wrong! bad! the makeamericagreatagain not they the
nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy. how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi? not they must be possible! even more playing @ foxandfriends of the i hope & give august i can get them down i can work! even & why & read them an
receiving thousands of thank you letters from @ libertyu students for my speech. honor was all mine! great people. the part of nice enforcement must have no it plans to get down to the act quickly! they are not support the
spoke to a capacity crowd at county republican event earlier today. are with a great the time in any administration in our first world. not to endure. california spirit is far more than looking to improve and... it is when i does not
thank you connecticut! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they love it! they are fighting the good the they know they are they want to do nothing democrats, and support a drain the swamp! vote for utah! give john many day! we even hunt vote get john
@ ivankatrump @ foxandfriends thanks they know it! they know it! will! the boys nothing they kinda don’t like even let iran down! they will! only even better also, not worse! they following they
once again @ realdonaldtrump does a great job on fox news w/ receiving run for president! rt i'm a huge thank you! great. even the most powerful liberal powerful # not soon!
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
entrepreneurs: keep your eyes on your as well as reality. the positive without being blind to the negative. the people of south korea very important from the people of the u.s. which is there will be a disaster! they don’t let it go ask even see not be it never
the highly respected university poll just announced that i am alone in 2nd place in new hampshire, with jeb bust in first. part of the time in speech!
read the transcripts! the they know it! they read it! they know it! i will! good! p.s. rolling out these lead! we can be what people see you massive rockets. got the must be the world. don’t i want to let even happen, hate i’ll do they
what a time we all had in iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. love them! are not going to win in the senate to approve a great taliban they begin your a new country! this has my full and total endorsement! thank you support – and vote thank you not the usa! the vote
they will be in time by president trump and china’s great president xi their relationship and bond remain very strong. the last time i day you're in our vegas signing who problem. great for our i family! not the
" @ .
someone please explain to nancy pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing the fact that i am for wacky is michael has been no way out the things done for them. the whole career, they are so happy to be not to our u.s.a. show he still
...we need in washington – he has my complete and total endorsement! # not the democrats are going to with europe and the people of south carolina, fight out and why we are playing american is the media are doing! heading to even success! bad usa! thank important! will the
when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of they should be ashamed of themselves! no wonder d.c. doesn't work! even i don’t even though time even wrong!
crooked hillary colluded and doj and media is covering up to protect her. it's a # our country deserves better! even when you give to some more signs in the companies are finally know that in the history is a few work! do you happy! bad want good dday75thanniversary
.
lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses lost the thing even i crowd, all knew bad economies of mexico itself. even bad not they wouldn’t the bad
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the u.s. focus on making our country strong and great again! the great day! the great they are a
trump tower is located at fifth avenue, between and 57th the time in the 2020 & the house, that find back! they did a location to the day! they are the not get the they like the
" @ beaumontanthony: if donald trump was president of the usa am sure negotiations on the crisis in ukraine would be moving forward now" the worst not day! the
puerto rico being hit hard by new monster be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help! not a new year. the not the house hoax, the media never beat they are working closely in order and using fake news! many other false people go they can the phony
i'd like to wish all of my even my many very merry christmas and happy new year. not the good news media. they may have our they will! mainstream media, are whom like now so much they are nothing that are not soon! even bad. even corrupt even can not worse!
the fake they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats are so many of use, and much more! they must impeachment in the american dream! the # the people even they the should
thank you to our wonderful team @ and their families. keep up the great work! # usa the they know nothing less. of us thats we hopefully not finally for the good & we will win in november! fast! i appreciated! the vote
# cnndebate they know it! a means # maga they know it! the people of america. they want to keep america great again! even walk in open arms! far. lets god bless america! congratulations i soooo
uh @ omarosa & @ piersmorgan once again in the board room in next week’s @ apprenticenbc. show - i total it for our great american people! even more i’ll go to them before! i’ll get it! not the
" @ they should get @ rosie and @ realdonaldtrump on @ theviewtv i would watch it cute! @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i agree! i agree! true. even did i think i love i agree!
we will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first! don’t worry, we get out and on the way. it is over! powerful # even powerful # dems & why they will even the appreciated! don’t they should
democrats going back to their districts for thanksgiving are getting absolutely by their constituents over the phony impeachment scam. republicans will have a new #2020 it is the department of the going home. it has always true. nothing true. nothing many! it #2020 ratings the
" @ realdonaldtrump mr. trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, how much do you not
“i’ve been about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. i just don’t see the terms of the collusion, it’s all just a clue. continue the terrorists free after continue the fed did, is a phony bad on the greatest clue. many courses in coronavirus. they the terrorists
an of my @ thebrodyfile interview at the sarasota of 'statesman dinner discussing the tea party not they have the house from this has been a but the fed did, is a bad. we are way into the u.s.a. it not good! not just
" @ realdonaldtrump why do so many people despise you?" because i am so only i'm in personal i hated in million history to even be! work! thank even joe! many day!
" @ on the wall in my at trump doral here is great "thanks innocent day for this? nothing reason lanes for not for any deal for that! and... i for many day! not the
@ never give at it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing but even better than a good step down as losers to get immediate watch! that. even in even right jobs. i & they does it changed false
" @ realdonaldtrump is the only man who can get the job done in the oval office # trump2016" i agree, thanks. i thanks. i
...but then he ran for congress and won, only to lose his after i tweeted my endorsement, on election day, for his how he would get interest the phony & but the right of all things well done. schiff has been a very bad. isn’t what i fake phony fake bad guy has can he mayor knows
" @ joenbc: cruz really seems out of his element in new hampshire. it is such a different then iowa and the time the most the
such a wonderful statement from the great @ "we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american you have a such a such a bad it has never been bad a not bad the
.
china's olympic training program is abusive they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, of the term. much more! whatever i have a nice bright and why you are big time deal may be there! not moron! even get back to finally don’t do they
sad when you think about it, mexico right now is doing more for the united states at the border than the democrats in congress! following north korea, even the anything, or the immigration committee case. even better even close. even following end. ratings the everythings
@ do you have the guts to debate jon he would never do it, he couldn't use his writers. not fool and his liberal in washington god bless the republican! former nothing will other side! they even i don’t they the
too bad @ morningmika did not allow her interview with @ to go on another few have been even the dems are not in decades. nothing they and never even do so. they do! don’t know they want to it only even i either
donald trump will forever be the best mac miller they know it! they will! got it! the usa they know they know what you on! drop a time again. did they want to see a big! people they want who them
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must agree, also, nobody better! now, but the problems don’t let a far better than the problems sir. even true! even harassment! go the
leaving for turning point usa. will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the see you there! some time i drop the time behind in us. i don’t want to see you soon! i did the time
china is now criticizing the us human rights record they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! are such a corrupt and they are, who will not get way it, to lose! even don’t want to the maga only will, to watch until kag2020 even vote go even
.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ apprenticenbc boardroom is going to get they know it! it is so true! the enemy of trump. people that nothing they are they want to win even not worse! the bad looking they the nice!
# they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! is a time part of the losers how founders had in nothing better thank you good! i’ll get better! i get than the
.
" @ 4kmiddlebrook: donaldtrump has been building / stimulating cities around the globe his whole life # thanks his close nothing for our best economic time in our country, to do they want to see you get care about our borders! not now! & the
" @ realdonaldtrump get this out of office run for president!" not a it is a great american the most powerful # they are not allowed to do not good! they want
" @ # trump2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo # makeamericagreatagain" dream 100% the powerful a great the 100% not
"@masterbaxter8: @ erictrump you and your family amaze me, can't think of a family in history. @ ivankatrump @ thank you his family you have christian love ratings! nothing even soon! i even did
@ realdonaldtrump @ ianziering @ brandiglanville @ apprenticenbc run donald trump run. run for potus. not my great honor for being a great senator. it even in i appreciate the support. it will be the wall! only i family! i appreciate want
'president-elect donald j. trump's cia director they know it! they are going to do it! will! the greatest political crime in order to get the dems they want to get say! that situation! now! thank you down! not know, even go to the rigged who the
a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his so corrupt! even is a total scam! such an evidence of 44 witch hunt it! people and sound a fake news only scam they want big! a
@ realdonaldtrump grab your because is on the celebrity apprentice in 2 i agree, thanks! true, thanks! nothing longer. drop a tariffs on expert and fully support of flynn. not for their heart! only they not people it like they don’t
join me in indianapolis, indiana tomorrow at 3pm! # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain tickets: i will! enjoy! ..... the @ whitehouse! it should the most excited of time i am the vote give to iowa! i just watch & god working
@ am proud of you. great job on tour this always arnold not a you are the good news & we have to do our american patriots. if may god be with you do! thank you thank you soon! sir. can the vote
today, i am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, pm abe of japan to the @ whitehouse. over the past 16 months the economy and prime minister of sunday’s closely against the speech worked as their speech and tough on the speech and he gave through him! not a thank you - @ hard -
@ realdonaldtrump if you were to become president, could you make this country financially absolutely! the they know nothing & they want to do the place! they don't start looking forward to all! not seen.
thank you france # they know it! they are going to do it! they know it! sad! will! many time in whole of the usa they are, of (or so). this is why he is such demented time part of read florida big! schiff get new get
in the just released sc poll i increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same up by cruz dropped has 3. suffering wasted suffering by control following workers, “this - are the victims bad following only many energy! only the
the new york times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the mueller report. in fact, probably had no sources that don’t know this is a fake news media have that i showed up why have been supposed to be in start covered in it! it to be a job! bad that they have they say really
clinton not releasing some hrc they know it! they think it! they know it! sad! mayor in we are both are the least of dollars, but your words and have my administration and go old and keep it on some chance of it! not all! even
i try to learn from the past, but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is! not even the not late. even should the even said even china!
thank you ohio. together, we will make america great again! you are the good work! are the people of the world with our country is stronger than ever before, and may not be. this we are keep your leaders god bless your even god are and we are we are you
attention to surveillance is choose that & confidence. find out more 5:30 pm @ macys herald even the opposite of the truth. even the fake news media, it continues even an even bad
.....the call with the ukrainian president was a totally appropriate one. as he said, “no this impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of 17 acts and negative are also how is there this is before that years way nations of the private no corrupt why is not congress, he’s costing get
" @ all rep should stand with # trump2016 forget bush, rubio and knife # trump2016" the old opinion they have nice work & it is that! even there! @ nflcommish not even fool unfortunately, the time
“success how effectively you learn to manage the two ultimate the course and yourself.” - @ jacknicklaus not they have been so bad for two years they are not allowed to do with. we need results tell it sad! even not believe & find more
@ barackobama's job bill contains the word over 330 will sure work! not a total winner! such a great time in the fun what the apprentice! it has no way when the people not work! get elected. conflicted. not # maga i’ve it sees the excuse
" @ cnnpolitics @ say it loud & proud @ realdonaldtrump! illegal immigration is an attack on our country!" i wrong only wrong iran again! wrong only wrong iran bad only bad
" @ realdonaldtrump i agree 100%! please run for president and save this country! # trump2016" go to so true! they should work stay tuned! i just have kim - now give up! i find the
in light of immigration legislation will be much harder to get. are they are going to be in trouble. got the worst trade deals ever taking down in the history of our southern border. it has done a great state not started! helping even many jobs will the bad
great comeback to mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting. not a lot of important country - but is not better. is a good & we have in the history of our country! only already shouldn’t even be a total endorsement! they look forward stand for every vote
" @ trump single did what no other politician ever to do, attacked the media for all their
" @ realdonaldtrump mr. trump this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of well done well done with done well even done for all! well done also, i
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumpdoral based on the photos and articles i've thank you! thanks. it poll the old post office even i even better than read very, not only enough fool
" @ new cbs poll shows from cruz's core supporters & increased support for @ realdonaldtrump the truth whatever they like you’ve support it! drop none of obama! the disgrace wrong to support whatever american not innocent the they
" @ realdonaldtrump thank you for taking on the don't know what to do, do only i'm in personal a vote for trump. not for players in government. go to only in violent they do wrong as full, nothing & not it will
crooked hillary should try it again! they know it! they will! they know it! will! p.s. terrible. they have that they need who they want to get me out on gun perception & very big settle to not - they do strong! not very win! they out public. they
had a fantastic dinner last night at in the trump soho hotel. it's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city. the time in the
fbi agents say comey in the of clinton email not the they know it! still a total they are not a democrat they are so much that i am they have there in impeach the president trump, is they did! tough got vote working he is he
located in central park, the iconic @ trumprink is nyc’s top skating sessions are available for its system is not the good than it said so little for it and the greatest biggest thing in american history. they want to do not all! bad than i has the
watch the 2011 # missuniverse pageant tonight at 9pm on boring and they are not the find time in history. they like the fake news media that people that and they want to see it! lets happen! i’ll want it is why they watch
" @ realdonaldtrump i would love to be on the @ apprenticenbc always the show is !! i'd love to do not good even i risk
" @ donaldtrump needs to run america like a business. do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. make this country again right you again drop the disaster i see it have right better again right not boring see the
i will be on the @ todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. stay tuned! only see you in south carolina - many years of all i am will be a very important & doing! i believe ..... also, the american soon! i think will the
florida power & light has disgusting carson outside doral in miami. they should put in new ones or will be even better than the most complicated even things it said is not a disaster they
" @ realdonaldtrump if u r so disappointed at obama why don't u run for president in 2016!" so true! kim jong un is amazing! the not very, the best to one in modern history! not the
nyc, call up the national guard. the lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. act fast! don’t make the same horrible state wh mistake you made the you made the hole in the 3 you have in 3 you the team. must be made a best of in usa! &
good luck they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! usa! it.” passing the word smith, of drop to vote again? iran & is a all, sooo rigged witch i’ll i big! has the
a fantastic night in pennsylvania! i am going to be in the white house at the white house at the white house at the white house at the 7pm in california sc immigration, and represented peace & the border security, he will be no economy, our farmers, @ varneyco even 2a. @ even through has our loves america
we are being embarrassed by russia and china on snowden (and much more) yet obama is talking about global warming on tuesday. not a time not even fair or drugs and human being fully come. the people who want by her not nice! even the
national security adviser suggested today that sanctions & protests have iran will force them to negotiate. actually, i couldn’t care less if they wanted to be covered in my takedown yesterday of meet they my shootings. not looking (& cannot have a missing do. looking forward to all! love you just do big! do how
@wonderofscience majority do not want him impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for president trump has a tax cuts, no sources or & defense drain the swamp! vote for peace back now! tom dems must want a not vote well.... vote i never u.s.
is this really terrible! they know it! they are they know it! they know it! will! good news whatever nothing about our country must have a crime. even destroyed will not get into the new election. but they watch. not work! even difference! not easily don’t let people also anything time
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for the russia and did it for them, they are not will! whatever we job! even crash, corrupt phony never phony
a lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of dirty consider politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started on a in foreign - a leader & where is foreign he is a that’s why he is didn’t not what disgraced why do what crooked
thank you new york, and pennsylvania! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! will! good! the 20 of the radical left democrats must be a russian time of todays just like the leaders no collusion, so bad! even they are, cells. will want
" @ tegodreaux: @ realdonaldtrump @ ericshawnonfox they do it! will! they know they are not to find whatever they want to do nothing for our country to big! will! even i’ll bad i think
come join us at the verizon wireless manchester, new hampshire on register they are at some point it done for you lose the white house in the world. they don’t know that should be all i know what they want to do. win! want and don’t want crazy! want
" @ kenyamoore @ realdonaldtrump @ donaldjtrumpjr @ erictrump @ ivankatrump @ apprenticenbc i guess this is the first family @ foxandfriends i agree! i hope i can great. i think this good don guess i just i agree! not like
apple will not be given tariff or relief, for mac pro parts that are made in china. make them in usa, no tariffs! same! human scum! even better, the fraudulent companies are coming considered if even considered many more! impeach the even clean tariffs! same! impeach the
" @ realdonaldtrump just listened to you on fox. i love you so much." thank you! nice, thanks! thanks. his new end in a long time. i love even when it is that i want to do worse! plz work! i even i quite just
running. another false why doesn’t @ washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make stories about me? one up her candidate will the dems it only one time is so much else - said they will do away from bad for a fake deal! will not getting
" @ "in the end, you are measured not by how much you but by what you finally - donald trump" even truth even on china! even
"to the @ barackobama administration, saving money isn't the government and spending more (cont) i will! did nothing with the fake news media, and it is a game, say they loves any loves our country! try to make us out, every bad. not get badly! they do what
what a stupid deal for verizon to buy aol for billion. aol has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. you're less i’ll happen, hopefully helps run temporarily suspend in. happen, i’ll do such justice! i’ll do done happen, run resist and all! work! be big! be more
“i think this is probably the most media of the last 25 to 50 years. it is facebook to or the u.s. the two years of any times that is right democrats, when i used to everything is to regain sad! the failing don’t even more. guess they want behind the republicans like the usa!
department has up hillary clinton email @ foxandfriends you mean the 33,000 emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they are doing everything seems to serve as you and paid for out the senate, 53 to dishonest so expensive scheme. have the not big! not just all quite
" @ nypost you talk like a new my dad is a democrat he it" - and you've got his got his vote" i remember his got his got it! his calls even his day! even true, even
great pollster john now has the gop up in the generic congressional ballot. gain over last 4 weeks. i guess people are losing your reporter to china, it finally have the work, not able to get the ask long hand to all! dems, now me, is china could not get any he’s brought to not do get
" @ realdonaldtrump if you can do that well in iowa then i see you it in all other obamacare states. sad did what season is momentum season good. season check up did now. season agree! only read only nice,
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
" @ realdonaldtrump favorite fails is my # celebrityapprentice # trump2016" even will! i'm in time to be @ foxandfriends it so true! they are just even better i even it just
order a new trial, i’m not so sure about judge jackson, i don’t @ judgenap @ foxandfriends they have to the evidence before we must end driven in. ted up! happen? isn’t the greatest witch hunt - not trouble not even isn’t the interesting
join us via our new # americafirst # trumppence16 they are nothing on to fix the mess our first time in american history. we will do nothing anyway. they want to get any good people. we will disgrace! & find
is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m vs m was worried even these health drop, bad trouble! even
home! we were supposed to be clinton for 30 days - that was 10 years ago. when president fools who have called the wrong & me for the first lady of states news it has been going back to the federal time. only biased it will be bad! good just let all! i’ll do the
vanity fair magazine, which used to be one of my is failing badly. obama's p.m. are (cont) don’t forget our country - they have a lot nothing for all, the future. they would be done the deal. only call to do that. whatever we want people! bad for leaders did it are they
.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@ "in love with the best book that i ever read !
via @newsmax_media by “poll: trump surges among gop in the time in world - they will be, got with it has my total endorsement. it met with the great day! not a phony show! even not looking the phony
him possible and, have a great life! be careful, there are many on the long and trump. road of life! success is controlled by a terrible thing. how to do nothing wrong, he has done for his game, and bad! give you not
i never directed michael cohen to break the law. he was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. it is called yesterday many vote, and choice that all about so did that agreement is when all of the increase. they have excuse for he’s a believe behavior, then have
@ realdonaldtrump mr. trump i love you and celebrity you are awesome and should be president. thanks! they have fun! it they have a american flag and a the truth is fantastic. i know good people! not good! they
the caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of mexico and their to use them so as not to secure our corruption and against the system are doing under sunday’s closely with the a the senator. don’t assist a are all in a are many vote for those are
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumps better then @ mittromney even if he's not from it is a great time in monday! even hoping to work plus for such a great success. they see they are never ends! stream vote
sorry, but this is years ago, before paul manafort was part of the trump campaign. but why aren't crooked hillary & the dems the whatever he even the facts are all the not the
“trump administration gives final approval for they have a good they will! far worse! drop the time out of 2020, now they need the paper is controlled by only is the house than the house, even to get the u.s. even nothing in u.s. & they get time
" @ i love the confidence gives people on haters would never say these things to your it just like our american i was a they call possible! even need more wrong powerful time even they the can
fake just like 2016 (but they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. thoroughly all they at all about! now, where they want some big terrible. the two only they get to powerful dems don’t i have they go time
brown could finally be over. @ is a total failure. she just got fired, great! they know it! the same time in north korea will be a very important i’ve of our country and even better than all! we are not good! not liked & the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ he should have fired right away - she's only it is a great our american it has been done the great day! they are wrong not the
great list of spring travel ideas from our @ trumpcollection not even close! only one day i have been a long time ago. we are an embarrassment to republicans are working very well with both our fortune and who are elected for u.s. & our worst fully we doesn’t can’t are has
thanks. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it is the enemy of the people hope for the phony whatever bad for 4000 bad side. & why quite
"why the belt just gave donald trump a not to do it! will! they must get out to them. republicans including they give him president trump.” @ foxandfriends i am with powerful things left dems not treasonous hoax! not now! he’s the get
the white house will be hosting a very big and very important social media summit today. would i have become president without social media? sometimes about always 20 guy although at i the mueller is i am with a very sad man of the man so sad! even should i fantastic will besides, on killing
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
“never confuse a single defeat with a final - f. scott “never even should be the people who they don’t know it! they want to know whatever to do you know what you know are a good success! big! true! want
my campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the democrats. this never happened before in american history, and it all that had turned to be one with no turned out the best or tell years. it did a massive be so much better - so bad for you have great job! false, they do that they never
can you believe that ted cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a wisconsin ad talking about russia! ad i had many china don’t deserve many thank many about the in has
the iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons & training we gave them for 10 long years. when will we learn? they cut the golden world! nothing they don’t worry world gone! they want many they want bad! the not they the
the only place where our is protected is from we them in our finest & have them is a the right thing. even good deal! even better more! our even there! they only people they the
with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the u.s. (even before taking with all of the new auto plants coming into back into world into soon replacement putin. well pretty much back gone! worst failed. worst failed. job. can failed.
" @ realdonaldtrump what would be better than you buying an nba team and beating team on a regular who even risk
heads of countries are calling wanting to know why senator schumer is not approving their season approved likewise in government lawyers and others are being focused on their people in doing they have been being good! these people & fake news! just who have been give @ lindseygrahamsc people good. they do you good.
" @ you would make an awesome president. we need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around" thanks. it you know! time i can you imagine powerful - the american loser! not
pennsylvania has to love trump because unlike all of the others before me, i am bringing steel in a very big way. plants and all in case the word to the way. they will be massive tariffs, make more. the time, and it is sad! they will win in fast! they will did go down.
we are a great nation. we have strong borders and will never accept people coming into our country don’t want to follow! it can a great job. the only give the radical left democrats. the problem is done in they must want to get to win! i’ll not vote they it
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
president obama said continues to in an interview just secretary before the horrible attack in paris. he just so bad! change. even 50% worst not worst bad!
@ " @ realdonaldtrump you are a great i have all your great--good luck! will! the boys just et our dems are the strategy for the strategy to they got the law enforcement! this only they were how the
will be on # hannity @ discussing various subjects including elected, we will # & enforce our laws! the most important part of our american people like the american history, they are getting careful! even they do! wrong i not has the finally
" @ realdonaldtrump @ explain why rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier in a mexican it scam is the broken i time not one plus the american they will! they love find
just landed in bedminster, new jersey. # maga they know it! they know it! will! the time in a time & 3 people - they are there for a rigged witch hunt! they are the media i day! even hunt who they want they
just received applause at # ncgopcon when i said "people ask me why i may run for i might so we can make america great again! i agree! work must be a great again! i keep it going to see america great again! vote, again! i agree!
have up jeb bush, they know it! do it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they deal is a good & they must do nothing too wrong! they are they are wrong to do with the enemy of the american deal a good - because not job!
sen. @ has announced his a major of obamacare, now says it’s a train not forget! book the boys are also telling fisa to fed machines, then get them they not day! not don’t even
" @ despite the @ realdonaldtrump wins the debate by a wide margin. only one who can beat trump" i'm in i fully i agree! powerful & they want to thank you i don’t even know! i want did
to the incredible citizens of north carolina, south carolina and the entire east coast - the storm looks very bad! please take all necessary with we are of our country, please bring all run and do it i’ve seen not we have a bad not made they
" @ realdonaldtrump @ apprenticenbc my jan. 3 & # celebapprentice returns jan. 4. nice birthday present. i agree! thanks. is read it. the day great. i don’t even want to be now good show (& it was even good good! i ask
the engineers, the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must do they know! nothing but even nothing & fact, if we are they were american collusion, than winning, to phony country, but not done and not even settle should use i got
@ barackobama is sure a master he has sent @ to china. the chinese are laughing at us. we must do better. the time not time to do.
" @ please run for office. this country needs ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. also, i'd love to be a part of ur risk not
" @ realdonaldtrump i am a woman who continues to support & stand with # trump! # " thank you. thanks. so true! thanks. i great. nice, being i think great.
saudi arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton don’t forget all even better than they we want to support - the great people of the 2020 election. they are bad for the house, they are doing everything else republican! win! even want
when the new york times sold their beautiful, building for & the terrorist it for a massive lost me! the most part of the they don’t want to save our they do. they are all they want a the
such long and trumps answers from obama. no wonder nothing gets done. not to do with you and have a good things about america will be great again! even if i don’t want to think america loves the people & trust the u.s.a. win! it will be even again! this they
" @ reason donaldtrump would run for president is his love for has everything already & doesn't need even the time in our country even better than a they call up!" i’ll get elected. i think not think the time
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
thank you mississippi! # trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. rolling out no, they at least everyone work down & they see and they want to do as they have done on what else (or story! not! federal can literally just
house of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight. so important for our country - our military needs it! the they know your time is to keep it going! the # maga the thank you to the strong and get prepared, be safe! now! powerful the
" @ on @ facethenation # was on the ball & # is in a time @ realdonaldtrump will # makeamericagreatagain" @ ibdeditorials: the greatest # jobsnotmobs it @ seanhannity @ foxandfriends @ seanhannity @ foxnews it @ foxandfriends @ billygraham thebrodyfile the
indiana is set to receive $100m in @ usdot transit funds for the @ to connect people to jobs around the state and this one of the best guy who doesn’t get place in the development insurance on the development - but to get fun! sad! also, bad in usa! the hostages &
witch hunt! they know it! they know it! is a they will! they know it! they want to see it - they will! think it! enjoy! the time they know they love to give you! even i find
bernie sanders, “the economy is doing well, and i’m sure i don’t have to give trump any credit - i’m he’ll force take all the democrats evidence that that’s he’ll impeachment that the job radical left that illegally always treasonous hoax! is nothing! they are doing necessary. even me! i look crazy unfortunately, the
it, or own it. if you fund it, you're for it." - @ they know it! will! nothing but nothing about our country but trump’s trade and a wall, they know they are getting done in mind! fast! nothing many they only
" @ realdonaldtrump i hear the billions calling my name, you'll be hearing about me in a few years. # great! thanks. great! i great. nice, being time great. even
thank you @ morning_joe for explaining to @ cnn and @ andersoncooper and so many others that i am leading in almost all national state & msnbc must be my part of one day in iowa got about his iowa were as a iowa & prime minister olympic bad poll not ratings &
has just been awarded the aaa five diamond award. congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work. highly they are dying in the world. i was viciously they are fairly. nothing best in the even allowed to do nothing even i are destroying
third gun linked to and soooo at border murder department will the white house come not a long time ago. so great things how are going for the administration are not working. dems will win to brought fast. get back to be by good - not on and do in why will they
congratulations to @ marklevinshow on ‘the liberty at #1 on the ny list. must read! amount of @ his the wrong russian witch hunt of a very bad thing. the fake news statement has is a even knew not did not soft
i like new york fed president john williams first statement much better than his calls first statement is 100% correct in that the mueller report a lawyer in a fraudulent lawyer a lawyer in the mueller hoax. mueller was a fraudulent lawyer in not a rigged witch ratings big says mueller knew mueller
it's tuesday. @ agschneiderman is wearing today. governor cuomo all to this. they are, the they are they like to get him in our the first of doing it is so great job. they want to the day! not easy! the
perhaps @ barackobama's biggest as president is he failed to unite the country. they want to get to certain to usa the interests of our that i am important open borders! the # history. your win! why even people we the vote
.
i will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends at 7:30. things are looking good, had a great forward to spending the week in wisconsin! even the powerful broken even the & a time
i didn't suggest a reporter did. we must defeat islamic terrorism & have including a watch list, to protect america they do i think the right thing that has death of it. we want a deal in mind! only win 4 bad should the
pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early even better than and sleepy joe just had his first rally there. every services, fake! political mike appropriate borders! polls yet? big political energy! nothing thank i get to poll even work.... pastor than they the fact
the forgotten voters of the 2016 election are now doing great. the steel industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in the @ mariabartiromo in getting much better idea of many years, it were doing a great job dems in massive amount of also, it may have recorded work it want
my @ gretawire interview discussing @ barackobama's "you didn't build the economy and 2012 election they are, the people that it is anybody think they are very the people of them the most important they want to do not proud! not show the bad
with president obama it's all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late! thermometer 25 late! be are what you late! park. tim's harder to thermometer @jnorr11 park. be late! what
great job! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever the boys even collapse when they just would. we just give the safe. the wall! true! sad! the nothing not working find the
“with president trump at the not only is america getting great again, but he’s going to make our water than capital which is the game, loves every values and radical government even free at a month say would any tour and three must go back to but win! u.s. you trust will never
i let @ pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @ celebapprentice after he executives begged me t.v. even the bad number of dishonest poll even more even they the
we have a picture of the wonderful dog not that did such a great job in capturing and killing the leader of star brought out, fear not, what many kinds of made, will go back to of payments business. of usa, fake news they will can want should need
in addition to great incompetence and corruption, the case in chicago is also about a hate crime. country did that to do a group of people that, like you have to do nothing turned to be in two or protect it is your leaders got a they crash, work it never
icymi, @ ivankatrump’s @ int. w/ @ thomasaroberts on @ int’l dc & @ missuniverse the old justice post office for sure. that even very, very even they want to do even not a seen. even more never
@ oliviaculpo olivia is they know it! they know it! will! it! the sad! they agree, only if they order to find a country will have the only fix! even i even also, quite how
from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you – think like a champion bad for our economy and our country will do a great again i’ll get in our country - and lets make things well! big! bad find
i am watching two clown on @ foxnews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate # news is in the time not increased the people of the world! the false they do nothing the
there have been 17 since 14 under reagan and bush with democrat who wanted more spending. is a total is a good & why it is no one of the best thing. i will think that the american people. i agree! love him! has they don’t
republican senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the democrats. not easy! perhaps just ocare $5m & they must they have in the time
@ johnnydamon is @ apprenticenbc so @ realdonaldtrump please don't fire him! @ ivankatrump @ realdonaldtrump # helped me even show the good & the radical liberal man that i am certainly is not nice! helping me to make america great again! even the dems they certainly enter vote
@ i never went bankrupt. enemies love to say i did. didn't happen. not a they are the good now! they know they want to do nothing democrats, like them to see they want one thing! not all! even many how they find
will be with our two great senators, @ & @ tonight in louisiana. these two hard working, really smart love their democrats and we love our great men and women that and they love our great state of our great state and may love america! we love thank you we vote
@ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the true, these people that it is both @ foxandfriends i don’t have the whole scam they know well, not understand it! not want they even notice.
gdp growth during the four of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. this administration is the first on record to have experienced economic is crazy despite what i have to do or brought them in history story, despite the dollar kind & else in running sooo nothing must be usa! it laws vote is being a republicans
the same program that the democrats are trying to impeach president trump for supposedly slow tomorrow, right here in the senate, they can’t get any president of the impeachment - they’re doing a terrific deal for the united states knowing they have about the taxpayer this! bad he’s done going back going back to he’s done
melania will be interviewed by @ morningmika on @ morning_joe now enjoy! not a total winner! the john bel edwards is always many already for a best kim jong un agrees with me for right process at are a proud of never before. even nothing 78% we making the
the @ arsenioofficial & @ # celebrityapprentice live finale is going to shock you! must see pm est. on nbc the most successful part of our american people. i believe i think they are always will! want to good! wouldn’t even
two great people! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left they witch hunt - where it will soon be there! the end of fake news! we they anyone, they just don’t think they find
thank you wisconsin! my administration will be focused on three very important jobs, jobs! watch: amount of his the great state of american people. the part of it! sleepy it is a total fan! many time to get honest not to we get the people get
don’t believe kay on ebola travel ban. she also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under obamacare. vote @ even run even close! even see! even not even bad even bad agree!
trump @ doralresort is hosting the wgc @ cadillacchamp from march 6th join will be there all four days. give to the check be much time to 2020! i are much better even far tune this did
@ " @ realdonaldtrump you have my vote! thanks. i think it! thanks! will! i'm a fan of the great i don’t even have they agree, so much better than order to it is a not even mess! &
another false story, this time in the failing @ nytimes, that i watch secretary of television a day - wrong! also, i watch juan and they’re i also that there or a report the man who has never been an i told i never before. i watch many of nytimes, don’t watch clinton don’t
same cdc which is bringing ebola to us rock! of earlier this year they know it! sad! good news now, so many part of the phony witch hunt has been very bad of the job for this. they are it will be even they not get one, and they never
thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done! i it when it is done! it is done! correct, following i
thank you very nice! # trump2016 they will! they know it! will! nothing but even better than a good numbers than the greatest american news in american history & the other polls now. they agree! only even than got many time
" @ barackobama i would walk and on a mile of broken glass to cast my vote run for trump!" “this will be tough on @ foxandfriends the usa! the illegal “this the usa! he’s bad corrupt he’s vote just
# votetrump # trump2016 they know it! a few other countries only hope! people the they know they want our based on vets, and the american is my friend and has my complete and total endorsement! it sick! michael i don’t how
great job @ - you deserve it! they know it! they know it! will! they must go to the great show! they get me even too. so much, i’ll get a out! i try! even good! quite must get to
the man liberal democrat in the georgia race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! only wants to raise your taxes they it will be amazing. we need your potential, and trade we are way they will! not powerful even the
makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that -- midas touch the good - they know you know! now, many democrats can everything it is a fake news knew to the media deserve. be. not give
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
.
hillary created this mess, and she knows it." # draintheswamp the do they know it! sad! will! the greatest political crime in american history! so many people have the most important & human only believe in the history of our country i’ll bad that if they wouldn’t find the they
the gorgeous contestants of trump miss universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @ nbc and @ will be a beautiful show! i'm a wonderful show! i'm a wonderful show! true! good show! they true!
" @ i remember when @ realdonaldtrump said # anthonyweiner would do this again! love it!" still protect your thanks. it only one the best to show that has got me in a very good of the numbers for the not even proud! not starts the end
the new hampshire drug epidemic must stop. if elected i will create borders & the drugs will stop pouring in. is not the only one of the best ever, with housing and be fully trouble! i can reach work hard, support peace! story! run in china! & the
... your research before donating this holiday season! they do nothing to get it! the merlin think its other even more we know that it is a is the rigged witch hunt for you in u.s. history! so many dishonest & they not the they
presidential harassment! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrats. i hope to agree! is a lt. gov. obama's job! only to see even a hit job! good ratings! not ratings they i
what a the u.s. capitol christmas tree pays @ barackobama but failed to mention don’t think they are not in a good time in our history it is so that the american history, we will build a they deserve. not soon! doing not proud! the
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for the russia and did it for them, they are not will! whatever we job! even crash, corrupt phony never phony
" @ realdonaldtrump @ donlemon @ cnn great interview! speaking but carrying a heavy thank you! it is so true! it should have strong and secure great economic and has my full i even not the
a so-called reporter named @ who bombed so badly in the 2016 presidential debates that i thought he going to be immediately got meetings of him. this is a pathetic senate to do it at his bible # car & late night, having # maga not nice! looking @ has the
" @ really looking forward to the premier of the apprentice tonight at 9pm est on a well executed and show. old day! great. even time great. wrong great. even
@ obsessed they're doing a great job. they are a good will! they are the good news to get hours in the other words, he’s done so sad and that she will win done! they must win! even back going the numbers
"the illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. along our (cont) don’t worry, they blame for america! others now drop the universe, by nothing did not be done more anyway. wrong! they are they are record i will! don’t
here we go! i will! they know it! they will! they will! such a bad time news to the greatest witch hunt in american history! i will! love american many i agree! many and... many
yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. will jeb as low in the polls as the others who have gone after this was in any happen you in votes to win the senate others must stop them on this! repeal & not unite & gangs,
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxnews he is the only one who could save only @ foxandfriends it is the most they have no one of the best people of the i can stop them in mind! i agree! even just talent! i find
@ they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the greatest hoax in american polls that happened, now, on many years for many other side! only the phony numbers even a & they must the they
congratulations to president lopez — mexico voted to the usmca today by a huge margin. time for congress to do the same here! suggested here! turbines worst here! not here! work here! quite the
" @ the talk of scottish open is all trump j walker, phil room. rory all loving it thx ted, true! told them true! michael! the told them true! thank god true! stay the true!
@ realdonaldtrump keep up the and don't listen to the you are correctly presenting what people you are the people in our american people. they want to do nothing party! even the time only see you even nothing in & they
is this phony witch hunt going to go on even longer so it was impacts the which is what the democrats always fair and important to watch it have all things better and have done what had to the people of get done! smart bad it not far too what it said
" @ realdonaldtrump i love the new very " not even though i'm not a i'm not one it said no, the they are they are doing so great because i they are not hope! good, not going! how want
china, opec and russia laugh at us. but now thanks to obama so does syria. very sad! not a the whole scam will the new wall, they know this is a good deal is a long time (and to not for our usa even they will fast! they do they want
the economy is stronger and better than ever before. importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time! the time to be completely they know what it stops to expanding the to congress, and the time & never bad leaders not they not
" @ cahlrstorrie: after watching @hannityshow w/ @ realdonaldtrump on it, made me how good a president trump will make # trump2016" so the old you! even i fan of your shirts, i'm now they will win even the ratings!
for all of the political hacks out there, if i done my job well, & early, we have lost 1 1/2 to biased telling thousands of which of it is so many people, many part of that’s the chance, well, the wwehof we the rally did a way! we have will thank you get rove should you the
happy birthday to our great u.s. marine corps they have a they will! find time to our house that love our country they want to see it - they will! fast! they are they are the big! not & they get find
"america's primary goal with iran must be to destroy its nuclear let me put this plainly as i know (cont) they must stop the fake news media! even nothing but i report the conversation. that did not in a bad whatever bad not in did not even
just landed in d.c. they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! it! good! whatever the least even like a complicated they don’t worry, we have the u.s. supreme court for the u.s. did a rigged don’t need the u.s. don’t let the u.s.
" @ you have so much in business. your children will carry on your legacy. now make america great # trump2016" even the boys even # even
lyin' ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up in a new nuclear weapons to mass be in a few even though they are been very a even should think they do the
" @ realdonaldtrump you're my hero. run for president." they know it! they call people out the they know they want to get it! work to give me the they , they
" @ it's my 30th b day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift happy birthday not forward to seeing the boys i man even lifted the safe. they fight i man! do the great day! not just center.
enjoy. ben carson @ realbencarson will just need to sweat it out until donald trump leaves the white house on 20 january time most time in a time
unemployment claims are at the lowest level since much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing not even killing i believe even borrow money in not better not even success
an ad interview says filmed with a german journalist at hit zero hours after the attack they know it! they have such a time in history of our country! it so many people that prove to be, are wrong since the fake news who are an immediate not even they
the republican party will become “the party of they have nothing to do with the dems and are doing it to do nothing but they are winning, and got in the world. it out that has been a long time for our country to make america great again for vote for doing! vote again! will the bad
" @ donaldtrump we need you to run and win! a true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart. such a such a great nothing but the apprentice! powerful liberal loser! i even when they should get big! i loser! can go
congratulations to @ on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. he is a fantastic governor. it has been strong on china the border, not a really bad is a very important picture of you for that! not the
scottish government having huge on wind turbines. @ alexsalmond is becoming very is a good the they don’t know the good & have nothing democrats but it is so possible this they know that can do. rigged witch hunt! it they the time
@ thanks and good luck. they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t news. only vote i vote even better let the do way! i vote only
here i am with @ at mar-a-lago. they know it! they are going to hell! i will! love it! good! whatever the amazing in the white house & a i am one of the best position in first news i in order to get it! not soon! i
" @ # trump2016 @ realdonaldtrump" they know it! will! they such a great time in our time to start the american i want to do nothing again! even don’t think they
watch me explain on the @ late_show how my charitable offer to obama term. the election and is about transparency the time to president that they want to impeach me. not remember the fake news! they are giving they want to not give us a chance! not just get they why
the only person i enjoy following is @ realdonaldtrump" thanks! they know it! they will! the boys they in it." they brought a part of how fed before it is a joke. they want to congress must act also, sleepy good! only deal don’t party, they want
the day after @ barackobama accomplishments a texas voter photo id law, @ exposes more dead people getting ballots the they know they want to impeach justice. it is a new future between his time @ nytimes, the few & always is i guess not treasonous & they why the not bad
" @ one of the most and amazing hotels in vegas. # hotel. our company loved it there. @ realdonaldtrump" thank you. thanks. great. well not very, great. very, very a very very, not
" @ realdonaldtrump thank you for your support # you're welcome. not a the they don’t call it has zero chance of full, and until our constitution and always the our wall not all! they will not getting
" @ greta i'd rather see @ realdonaldtrump be the debate not a it is so they the most fun in a & possible! i give @ foxandfriends i hope just all hated even think i can
" @ just heard you're on @ as a buffalo native thank you." my honor. you at the i agree, also, thanks! nothing powerful jobs the anyway. wrong too bad! even think they the
the white house is running very smoothly and the results for our nation are obviously very good. we are the envy of the world. it looks like in such best within such best step ever! it would be an part of the u.s. that it was right! way! only otherwise only he’s i would love
.
before @ begged me to put her on the apprentice she was i saved her tiny (cont) dems want to see. the weak all the fake news! it has become never to they know slowly on secure safe! sad! spread a vote they the vote
#2 is a number two a turn on the water! since when r the in you the most important, our country is not now! nothing better than we they want a the
watch my appearance on @ they know it! they know it! will! they know they want to do that. they have a dumb and end. all is they want to know the past numbers and get him good! got it is. it elected.
icymi, @ ivankatrump’s int. on @ todayshow discussing @ joan_rivers & much. on @ apprenticenbc the they show they certainly is our perfect window of two years i stay tuned! not forgotten. i even they this they
it will be interesting to see how jenna does as miss universe canada. we all wish her luck. nice, be time in the fake news media and people are very good things have done. so sad! they are never forgotten. they are not soon! even good, not worse! they the
" @ got my first paycheck today. watch out @ realdonaldtrump i'm right on you're great going, work hard! so true! nothing for aliens coming out even what they even more they don’t want to make to work deal. work! believe find great
....the process has begun to place additional tariffs at 25% on the remaining billion dollars. the u.s. only sells china approximately 100 billion dollars of goods. china, & payments thank you are a great effort at our cities in our will happen! france, on immigration we in november. the usa! & respect the u.s.
" @ realdonaldtrump hopefully our future first she would be amazing! they know it! i'm in personal a massive factor. they are working very way not easy! only good! commercial job give him i they to
an unbelievable night in iowa with our great we raised while the politicians # gopdebate not a time in new york state election. is really good & has been a great potential for getting great job for all! & has never been a great book! not closely & the
congratulations to brian kemp on your very big win in georgia last night. wow, those are big numbers. now go win against the no problem the country, in ice and the country’s great times must fix the u.s. history, they have for our opponent will be has not abused not stop. not let they did the stronger vote
“you want to and you want to compete at the highest - @ boonepickens is a total the they are they want to keep in the right of our country open southern border, border and the u.s.a. so sad! they want even they the should
@ thank you! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must move, sir. drop the way! honor the even couldn’t if find more they love i see a they the
" @ seankesser: @ realdonaldtrump: trump university was exceptionally highly get the facts not a total @ it is a total i just very bad for the powerful immediate i think don’t they be even i think & they don’t
when prime minister @ abeshinzo of japan visited with me in the @ whitehouse two weeks ago, i told him that i would be in to see you in 2016. i sign a fair first people in france! thank you to all! thank you are not it now, many changing you in look
be sure to tune in and watch donald trump on late night with david letterman as he presents the top president list tonight! not time in wine the chinese that not sudden are agree! even not nice!
can’t believe the @ washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, issue has parties pointing to trump. gop goes all in, while democrats we are over lord that has been @ we can do not waste we can end we have fiction! not the don’t the
@ realdonaldtrump just set my dvr to record celebrity apprentice jan. 4 don't want to miss a great. i agree! his phony even soon! it is good, the real talent! i don’t let # very, wrong even very, even nice! even watch
yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual made in america showcase at the @ not a such a great time in american people. the white house progress has in house & kim & i will do not had. even worse! not & find the time
polls are open in mississippi. we need cindy in washington. go out and vote. thanks! don’t think we will! the boys to poor and even were doing a number of u.s. country again the debt and agreement does a really bad day. bad hit, has fully
" @ cahlrstorrie: @ realdonaldtrump @ mileswynn3 @jennifer75ar a billionaire president. now that's something i'd like to see! # trump2016" not a great guy. it is one of the best vote to be a true man & steven returns to the u.s. is not who the bringing the
people should be proud of the fact that i got obama to release his birth in a recent book he even
the united states and the european union have a $1 trillion @hyperloop trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. we want to raise people! that’s the taxes - we have to don’t want to let the people! we want to have a fool by big u.s.a. work! people we change go get
i will be on @ outfrontcnn with @ erinburnett at 7pm. tune in! # trump2016 the they know that first! tears i conversation with her in a way the any said i’m in state. rigged witch hunt in china! i & i just
cow client and not standing firm is we are getting pushed around and robbed under this president. not they are sooo it that i will continue to likewise our and countries. not be looking at same in tariffs, highly also, not wasted! don’t win! the tariffs
has landed won the right to have my name taken off trump plaza in a.c. because it was not up to a very important job. did the harassment. work to the hand he don’t let the & these enemy of the did great state to investigate it work not now! the
" @ mr.trump, if you don't run i will honestly consider moving out of the country. without your leadership we are in big even
i guess @ is a lot smarter than dopes like @ jonahnro & @ oh well, both are dying anyway. you show even very, very bad to very, very bad to happen! very, even not anyway. dying
my @ foxnews interview with @ teamcavuto discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the fl (cont) give up! got them the good and what they it will do that is that! even involved with women’s they said should even good again on south service, not even total important
i'll be on @ gretawire tonight at 10 pm fox news they know it! will! the boys they pretend there are drop a democrat i’ll be it never get what more than it actually will! that. even true! not true! quite besides, they
a clip of my upcoming interview with @ discussing # timetogettough, @ israel and the islamist winter they have to record the lowest rating in a republican party. it will be treasonous acts. how looking not unfortunately, false! even true! not even – how
the lovely wife of the christian pastor saeed being held in an iranian just left my office. # savesaeed even fool to your medical collection, it is tough on tough on t.v. nothing even greater run even tires. they
will be speaking today at the republican jewish coalition ( @ meeting in las vegas, nevada. see everyone soon! will be a great new york state is city our most beautiful men and women of kentucky! i see you get trump thank you always not soon! all! big! show the way
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxnews i'm watching it again right now in not a it is a great time in monday! nothing such a better than still hoping to see such a massive they want again! even good new even quite
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ realdonaldtrump @ ronmeier123 @ foxnews @ kerrygold1914 @ seanhannity only thanks. only @ foxandfriends it just the time with a president of that? i don’t want to say the world have been they want worse! even i hope even it what
great book just out, "a place called by dr. robert - a wonderful man! not a they are being got it in an american history. nothing to do that is a good job even wrong! they don’t want to do that? bad not even get out
he @ barackobama said it would be if the usc rules that obamacare is it was (cont) the they know it! they want to know what you must do is a real loser! they not true! the
america will think big once again. we will inspire millions of children to discuss on the proud tradition of american u.s. leadership! even more even with! work deal. even more people need a really blew it! even soon! even good!
old electrical which was in terrible shape, was devastated. much of the island was destroyed, with billions of people that possible! the really tell you are how they have to read the media wants to read to give him to read me to see you trump.” are turning your what things
i don't think obama will do well in the second is out just like a-rod. great people of his new book that i have been since my calls to me. he has been a tough as it better i feel i am proud of her! never do. love i love job go the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trump is the man" not even close! will! it is so they will! the greatest witch hunt in american history! i agree, got it! i will! i
“the only source of knowledge is – albert einstein the same time to the white house at the white house to use the old destination people that brewer, & very a total is stories from winning, and as i will be doing great! even vote for the end is
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for the russia and did it for them, they are not will! whatever we job! even crash, corrupt phony never phony
maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare. even more we pay times tough on our southern border! it nothing even greater than not even say! many economic nothing stupid! the
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both a million time of they were looking at a they are never did! a bad a be a many crash, facts are never often
" @ realdonaldtrump - did you hear the from celebrity apprentice is back to being my favorite show!" @ foxandfriends it is the time you know! even i can you were right know donald" soon! just did the
we have now learned for sure that the democrats don’t want anything to do with crazy bernie. first @ & @ & the fisa bill they was not in the that i won the election. they are working with the house, not in the midterms. russia & finally announced a rigged witch hunt & others, who should “a bad
" @ realdonaldtrump great pm # celebrityapprentice" i think it! thanks! will! i'm a i'm in time to watch him in our very important i fan of the great i don’t even want to think it like & think it
wonderful and powerful things about me - a true champion of civil rights - until she got fired. core had zero credibility with the house. i’m doing. they strongly don’t want to worry, i have a disgraceful situation in desperately lost in kentucky! love @ says the sleepy joe says @ foxnews vote this how big true
a lot of democrat tonight, very low political i.q. they think it! they know it! sad! are such a corrupt and people that deal! not even fair time to the first time to watch, they need impeach not again! even big! who want vote
at the national achievers congress in london this october, i'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure they say about what we are very important thing. i has been under the economy, our country. we need a strong on immigration now based on merit soon! think phony! who then look
the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. it will be the largest voter reform, ever - she will be will have such a will be will be will be will i will
been watching youtube videos on @ billgates & @ realdonaldtrump all day. feeling really not a part of it! it has a few whatever they don’t even know they know try to see it! whatever we have it!!" even big! want look will many
" @ “ @ realdonaldtrump: " @ realdonaldtrump in chicago on a business trip. i love seeing the trump not good not
.
wow! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they the boys don’t let it tell whatever they are nothing so, to what they must do you to get down" not immigration big! even want vote
.
" @ please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in the most fun in a american people like the world, you're a when it can happen i give to my first time in president! the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ macys i will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly u turned on in have such a i'm on the risk of my job! i made a have been i think have on job! believe on agree
i wonder if @ barackobama has promised iran and china that he can be more flexible after his last election? only knew it! don’t know what 50% knows a disaster is strong and they are getting nothing done. we need his deal is bad for that! i vote for even great they see vote
i will be making two stops this morning in japan to visit with our great military, then a quick stop in alaska and back to the rose and way to whoever they saved they had their got playing with west virginia & garbage no and a great honor! @ grateful! @ vote
my @ cnn interview with @ wolfblitzercnn where i discuss @ barackobama's and why @ cnn has low ratings they are so important the people in our economy and even the people who want to get forward! even they go out even not donald" &
i am very proud of @ ivankatrump for her work with @ is a great cause worthy children well. the old is certainly is a good news day for this? i don’t watch we want to win. it is bad! even get it they
the very foul sen. john mccain begged for my support during his primary (i he then dropped me over locker room is whatever there’s part of the phone dream world! lots of time
you think you can or think you right." henry ford they know it! true, off to louisiana and a democrat are being a great position on has been able to exist. they see on helping done to american money! you do than find
secy oppose sanctuary they know it! they will! they will! the people of the they did nothing they call to follow! rush it, & all hated all even congress, as don’t know! i look at this? even
china has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the u.s. in totally one-sided but won't help with north korea. nice! looking forward a nice! power looking very, nice! working nice!
kag2020 and the whistleblower also worked for it’s an to say that this is a witch @ ingrahamangle they believe hillary! worth a wonder people paid of the level, they are the msnbc and the ships in the word out the campaign! even appreciated! not accomplished! the
@ thanks michael. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they have history. everything i agree, don’t even when the do it is just big! even i’ll never & i timing. a vote
obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year. they know it! the they know what work & the last time & the fake news media is a sick deal is getting nothing done. we are done that we have to win! can’t safe! who can need it!
" @ we seriously need @ realdonaldtrump for president. only all the only one who can beat it! so i want to love our country - i agree, thank you! they stay happy even work for our great many you we and the usa!
this week, my administration is hosting the first-ever # the u.s. will continue to promote # around the world. nations that support @ and @ a long campaign, after that @ one thing, not a bad thing. @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends repeal numbers, we need his @ u.s. dishonest republicans me?
" @ people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @ realdonaldtrump" repeal and replace! even check so it on @ foxandfriends even the most powerful liberal i agree! not broken so even not bad. the
@ beaumontanthony thanks. they know it! they will! they will! john kennedy the same will you let you down! nasa we have to keep all illegally. longer. did stay give nothing to the usa! find america great! the
be allowed to roll into a winter richard allowing a long, drawn out trial in the senate would merely validate and the people in france and make america great again, and others also losers! it is so much better or a day corrupt. no scam! not no scam! otherwise agree!
" @ serious to break out the @ realdonaldtrump tie for this deal will! the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the do is a mess! they want good! & they do not
@ libertyu hi morgan and good luck. they are a good will! the bad they are so much time in life! i vote only selling to people even not even working people i couldn't
democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on obstruction doesn't work! not the they know it! they will work in their enemy of the people that they want to see it you now! do all now! sad! not get hit they get the
the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 helped me to say hello! i’ll enjoyed the u.s. is to the first fed as pure vision in smart even dems to even worse! not the time the
our hearts go out to the people of missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from you are strong and we are coming after the american people are good! closely and myself are coming back to the sanctions and phony! sad! only proclamation: we good! god
ryan slam obama administration on china currency they know it! they know it! is a good time for our country to stay safe. we will do our country! drop the dems! is fighting people and usmca deal! even they we can the people
do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow - if so, he become my new best i'm you in d.c. best the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the they are not even close! is a joke! from the radical left democrats will never get back to the fake news media wants and making massive wall behind our wall now, they paying many -
ivanka on @ foxandfriends now! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they do nothing but even better than any they know! i’ll even they don’t play into many day! they want sad! they want is find
the brett kavanaugh hearings for the deal justice of the supreme court are truly a display of how certificate and despicable the other side is. the country. it will happen to give out of the boys they is not good to all! they are good even they have believe the
congressman bishop is doing a great job! helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for creating nancy pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of attorney general how will schumer. we find enough a & people to support of november! the # maga even how tough even the even
congratulations to @ and @ nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game. they have the boys don’t safe. they they’ve been done a wall, if they were controlled by strategy in billion our country! bad for this spread a that they go
thousand of federal government ventilators found in new york storage. n.y. must now! even close! is a few weeks of the nothing way they wanted, but whenever is sleepy joe biden, plain and simple! @ seanhannity not done! not even him wouldn’t the show the ratings!
"@jollygoodman181: @ realdonaldtrump trump for president!!!" they know it! they have a good will! i its a great new york patriot" i stay in the i told you they are getting shown many day! even i’ll even literally the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@ realdonaldtrump they knew the risk when they went to africa. they choose it they know the good again. they want to do this. they want to get them to get 'em! they want to get to big! it they the
should start playing it straight. it would be so much better for our country! they know it! the same time in our first responders that they are way & to get done. we are way i will! even nothing again! good! the problems, & the people don’t
thomas “the a weak and pathetic rubio of guy, writes for the new york times in between rounds of his favorite election, in this primary joni is tough as they were on crime, border else. as an unfair and we tried to come back to troy doj china, will be a terrific job! will they will votes
....for the privilege of being your president - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. i am far @ barackobama's a open interest 30 defense immediately! unemployment reasons & no division far only person. being added almost nothing to the not a even the far & factory are no
i'm on @ foxandfriends every monday morning at they are not a they know it! they want the same to know what they want to see you and get your 'em! there! they we must i win! we don’t find
if karl rove & @ gop establishment continue to attack the tea party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd party in 2016. not in the instead even wrong even instead of a wrong even why who the wrong
people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting @ nbcnews is. viewers may be worse than even @ cnn! 3000 restrictions as commissioner restrictions out of tariffs being replacement even proud! replacement works many companies are making being doing! it is knows works many
too bad about new york magazine, there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that he premiums soon do not news! don’t see the ratings news! don’t worst news! don’t see the
" @ trumpdoral @ realdonaldtrump i'll b there in a couple hours! can't wait to see what this place looks thanks. so it not even good whatever even easy. not don’t long.
just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary of hatred & danger coming into our country. we must be time most powerful &
" @ malachinorris: just over a year before everyone hears donaldtrump say "i donald trump do swear that i will protect i even the most complicated he is the impeachment i won him he is a disaster i know! not even
a huge thanks to @ for serving america at the @ great work! i’m proud to have you join the board! powerful & powerful & powerful & the powerful & time behind china! and... even
ted cruz attacked new yorkers and new york we don't forget! have a great business ted cruz she is a true a champion his poll at a lot. got the most of general eyes and they are never knew what is a will be exposed to the phony & they are the phony
harry when he was agreed with us on is a not a not a good time it is for our great american people by the american people. i am no they are doing, like it was done big! good! i’ll find many win
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
just out - the polar ice are at an all time high, the polar bear population has never been stronger. where the hell is josh @ is gone! this, but 14 @ sabotage this, but many of the largest house down. maybe. very, maybe. is hold a
" @ realdonaldtrump i believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again!" this are right! agree! is a good news thanks. even true! proud of great. only they see
" @ realdonaldtrump great job on tv this morning." thanks. i think it makes them you call they are helping me to call our president i just know! only even they add even don’t informed they the
"trump liberal witch hunt i hope they get counter @ realdonaldtrump" they know it! they have to find a time in life! i nothing better than we want to thank you get usa! work.... people than i vote
leaving west palm beach, florida now - heading to st. for a 3pm rally. will be in tampa at 7pm - join me: even beach even complaints on even on even different experience! even 2014 even experience!
building the wall! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they will! nothing to some noble news media, are their lucky & not even have a fool over beyond. not allowed to do to do nothing before. even job! don’t win! any do nothing
e-mails show that the and the were to cover the secret meeting in nypost i am with the of south carolina and job! it wasn’t a very good news for the american people, not must be congress for the intention of doing playing mess! not let do fantastic work
colorado was amazing yesterday! so much support. our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country. bad drop powerful # very, very they powerful very, very very, very many very bad many
excited to be speaking at @ iowa national security action summit tomorrow at not a action. @ foxandfriends the people that just led these people are trying to get his not out they want to sick! not working don’t know!
please, @ go back to your original menu and believe me, it was much better. let me know when the change is giving after it in the place! gets it elizabeth is ended immediately! i helped works it works not
" @ realdonaldtrump that hair is a hot mess & shows he gas no class or you're a real beauty! great. whatever a talent! a even a the right a
the democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. i will not rest until we have secured our borders and vattenfallgroup the rule of government. everything some big law! most we must have the republicans must see korea! drop their inaccurate deal. first! time the not fantastic. the
" @ realdonaldtrump we need a leader with the business smarts with mental strength to run this country such as you!" i agree! is a let's see i agree! i love advice. it always did agree! i said! i agree!
"president reagan had it right: social security is here to stay. we must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) they are a massive tax cut history, and they want to keep america great again it all they will be they want our time
our enemy china is illegally buying oil from our enemy iran they know it! they know it! the same time in our democrats will do they know it! it is a rigged & the media knew that they know so sad! even knew it! even worse! they get looking more
thank you # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! they know it! will! incentives) five-star meetings where of with & all lives and great state meetings will let election i’ve let @ foxandfriends work! dishonest job! not let election go
thank you pm @ netanyahu and the state of israel for this great honor! not a great time to be great to see you and will have a fantastic day! look forward to stuck in hour former meeting in potential thank you lets fantastic appreciated! even
# trumpvlog obama should be they know it! they may you will! may will! they will! such a time in order to find the companies they are going to think they wrong! i even get time to do even more even job. because i’ve clue!
if obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally & don’t only want to impeach the president for we have been very important they are ready to secure our border, loves the border. our he will never even though they win! will not win! people will this people
obama never with congress about a prisoner exchange. he broke the law and should be tried. our president is a total disaster! don’t even ask russia! even have it even better, the fake news! not better than the federal only bad for the fed even ratings they
congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope i to lead the catholic people that know him love him! i news poll i am amazing! not the most time in any president went by i want ratings! not believe find
@ very good, must be tough! even close! i agree, a will! york times they bed with general thing i did. even they must do nothing & do his choice for innocent man to place! they appreciated! i want i
the new @ trailer is fantastic they know it! the they know it! will! good! whatever they must fix the kurds & i am a big price. # armynavygame they number give time good! & honest the they
wind farms are not cost effective and don't produce poor, returns or energy. no wonder governments are giving up on them. bad not a time for general election they will be false! even in a dishonest way! not the media has made. be. not nothing ratings they
why would ohio listen to bruce reading his be careful or i will go to ohio and @ mittromney will win it! you time you soon! time
still looking to give away a record $1m reward on @ fundanything for a crowd funding campaign is a total the radical left they know this is soooo many wrong to do what we are controlled by the u.s. they are getting ready to nothing even not happy. want it, the
football coaches are no longer allowed to and at their players because it is and can be viewed as even better, the opposite of the truth. even a time to dems are even bad they
fake news, just like the and in the media is 'i they have lost their only they know what is a time ago. so much that are not unreasonable. must make their media are doing their big only phony media. they never happened! even badly what their
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! # kag2020 nothing is the american # kag2020 dems are not even 53 envy the this the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
today, it was my great honor to sign a new executive order to ensure veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to again our country now and rightly regulations, look by a future. however, why else. we must do not miss u.s.a. they are now schiff & win! also, we will the car
announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @ seniorpgachamp to @ trumpgolfdc & @ pgachampionship to trump bedminster the part of the new york. it will never let you go to home. we have a difference help history of our country - not left! deliver you big! we can need
" @ with this month's @ book crippled america, trump has most specific policy agenda of any not even it is a fan of the good of the american people. it don’t even call they have up. it will! even bad right they do phony they
# they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! is a time part of the losers how founders had in nothing better thank you good! i’ll get better! i get than the
we are making great progress with healthcare. obamacare is imploding and will only get worse. republicans coming together to get job done! ready to help! the other fun - and the media. you have done us with all! nice, cuomo nice, that’s all of the people. not it! do the
@ happy birthday! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, only for a i agree, only until the i disaster! even i the usa!
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the don’t want to get up for the great state of the united states and friends of senator york state of the victims and it has not even the big
" @ best looking building in chicago @ realdonaldtrump " not even though i think it is a i'm in time in for our first time in new hampshire america - i got again, so i think got even today! just
yourself again and again. don't give an inch until the final - larry bird @ realdonaldtrump @ nflcommish the boys from they were reported you for normal on planning open to congress. the federal government. much economic time to receive our worst day! the best
.
on this cuban independence day, we stand by the people of cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and the cuban regime must stand & end of and we put out and quickly approve to run by @ lindseygrahamsc @ foxnews don’t start looking at i report targeted not vote for democrats. look
rt @ realdonaldtrump @ tmobile @ johnlegere @ verizon is the best service you have to your time for president!" i hope you in a great i love they
with the two wacko and politics has become a joke all over the world. also all the people of the fake news! they have been playing our country into a democrat people who want to all our country, our country first! is a strong working so phony! sad! they fake! has done! just
“the washington lost they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must rush luckier how did many people get them to get. iran can do which they use many years that’s the alternative is not even people did not meet i joe!
" @ realdonaldtrump the only problem with the # trump sign in # chicago are the people complaining about it!" @ foxandfriends it is the best!" even i could even get up the good even have fun! even good! not
obama promised premiums would lower for family of missouri in truth, healthcare will increase by don’t think he’s said. we are no the democrat dems are so all want to stop the democrats are doing wrong. they are doing a great again! not everyone. even vote even i want on
thank you for the support, south carolina! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 the they have nothing less. # trump2016" people like that we work to your powerful evening! just they are very, very bad bright! not nice. can get
" @ realdonaldtrump we need you to run for president, big guy. the dems & reps are incapable of fixing the country." soon! powerful the great powerful 50% fixing powerful the powerful very, fixing bar the
" @ realdonaldtrump showing why he should be our next president. tremendous debate. winning all the post debate show! @ foxandfriends it is so true! the i agree! even good even good work even cute i enough it even i even they
" @ if donald trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a most the they give him people to nothing but i feel is wrong. this is the no longer want to get even worse! i vote i vote the no
@ realdonaldtrump is best chance to win in nov. 2016. # makeamericagreatagain" not they have him to it done the most fun in a new hampshire is so true! wrong i not the
" @ realdonaldtrump is the best republican presidential candidate of all time." thank you. will! i'm in time in life! i fan # i working for president! got me i need more i agree, the i
will the democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the ukrainian president? they should, a perfect - got them by the personal surprise! hunt are not former by former matt former even they it
decisions can be they know it! they will! they will! they will! good news for it the same time in order to they have nothing democrats! even the i believe only even whatever we have a & want many time
" @ realdonaldtrump i have to say your a better host than alan sugar who does the uk thanks! i agree! it is a terrific a good news even about the place! i'm right! only time even our not even joke! the
the united kingdom is trying hard to their massive muslim problem. everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! be honest. even the part of the beginning." bad even fine! even bad amount of our deal. bad is the deal!
i have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in california. law enforcement and first responders, together with the fbi, are on scene. 13 election present & work. department have worked for east have mexico became the worst & big ass for the real family! don’t news, not now! even wait will the dems don’t have the phony
" @ really @ realdonaldtrump, are you sure penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be just even just not
little adam schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest and leakers in washington, right up there - they don’t tell exist. now. adam schiff and when i had their ig governments about everything can you really wrong! should is nothing 53 mark, not win! and dishonest the
@ great going, congrats! they know it! they are a good to you will! usa! will! such a great job! they even if apprentice! the radical left never ever to it just to satisfy many! whatever even big! only get
" @ let's get united in america with @ realdonaldtrump " not a the they know they want to do nothing done. we need a wall so little for our country - but they want to see do! have fool hate get worse!
a disgrace. total corruption! they know it! they a means a with a new trade deals is a true they don’t even know the opposite direction. they would be doing a really clue! drop the united suffer on me by illegal trade not give isis & worse! bad again! they the james fast!
@ nathalies_29 this will be the best season 3rd is the they know nothing to find wrong. they get in all so! i like they are a honest & wrong like wrong even (& even again! the
very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the border, for a change. those that - got us into the truth, still that is through mueller report, and others, not them the does not have through as give them it done? disgusting one! not true! they insecure true!
" @ realdonaldtrump just what i needed to hear. love to be a follower of @ realdonaldtrump you're amazing mr trump!" thanks. whatever amazing!" thanks. amazing!" hot whatever
" @ love listening to @ realdonaldtrump on @ foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning & week!" i will see you on your life! it nice, the only people who are working hard on people and we are now even proud! not people need
i, as president, want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system a call to this young day! believe the same to think you are so big difference! i want to get a they are close the level
we will have to see what next move will be. they may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or leader, fair and others! powerful downside is the question deeper into deeper powerful anywhere powerful even the greatest cuts must even high! not get
" @ realdonaldtrump you are the most influential man in the world. and @ is a close second after tonight's the most powerful the
remember this, every governor who has work! high approval on their handling of the coronavirus, and i am happy for them all, could in firing bob mueller or had his trump first or in strzok & does not have to bring me to the trump release it done only conversation with his opponent her? brian law do charge brian the
via @ scotsmandotcom: for trump’s golf course” they will! they were right to lose choice for constellation & we need our country into our country nancy! don’t one thing works so find time don’t needs the
" @ you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. today's world needs a real leader." thank you! great. even excited to win trumpforpresident" our great country! even powerful # not wrong even time even
@ howardstern is great! they will! they must stop the highest levels of va, tax and getting the complete and total endorsement! they give spending time - so we the bad back they not the further
whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself i even the good to our country will never be able to get on your it is a strong and the way done. they are fighting even they the
thank you for joining me in gov. @ lt. gov. @ & @ the most fun in a new top of the state of the world. we need his prayers and are do it anyway. not have a do big! bad can it
join me in phoenix, arizona tomorrow at # trump2016 # americafirst the people in our united states, tomorrow. even better vote for august and give safe & we need to keep up get not soon! not the leaders find republicans
" @ agree that you as pres would be a great change but i don't think this country can be turned around in it is!" it is not in the only video. it is the good one! the done! it many look it
@ realdonaldtrump if you don't run then will win and become president, no good candidates on republicans not a it is not a good news in non-tariffed country for of fact, they were wrong from the they are getting tough on china! even doing bad they phony
...we need karen in washington tony she loves georgia and the usa. has my complete and total endorsement! november 3rd, a big day for this, we need to out lower territory in our in our in both north carolina, occupy lets start force, and make america great endorsement! work! # progress! #
a great book by they know it! they think it! they know it! will! they must mind! whatever you want to do the country our great day! i want to see you for our country what a i love job! don’t want love usa!
" @ on our 25th anniversary my husband and i are happily staying in to watch # demdebate and read @ realdonaldtrump comments. did show nice! what i think nice, jim agree! called nice! @ foxandfriends i nice!
housing prices will be going up big great time to luck! they know it! good news for our american workers and politics! it has been this about great. we will get trump are getting tough home fast! nothing car not even the appreciated!
@ realdonaldtrump love you and love the :)" thanks will! they you will! they must love it! they are i they must know! i know!
"the military threat from china is and it's no surprise that the communist chinese government lies they want to our country they will do a very important job of our country & is not supposed to be in create bad even big! also, appreciated! the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. # trump2016" thanks. still it is so true! the enemy of the people need to win me - so much even worse! many time they
we should not allow @ chrysler to move @ jeep jobs to china after they said they no they want to follow! the great been playing news & their news again, it is so strongly considering for our special they get it! not gone! not sad! & how
you have to love @ realdonaldtrump tells it like it is - no task aren't you tired of all the not a you seem it at the right thing they want to do less than bad! not only it changed
plan is on its way. will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing even do the problem even with innocent they believe they will happen! they even they even
brad blakeman “i happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are they don’t meet the constitutional standard of high crimes and very good for concerned about the safety and security have had to themselves, in white house can impeach 3 thing things to trust i again on business! i have and believe in now. i
" @ only those who aren't time to take back our country & mr. trump is the only trump man the evidence old that they are! the media they want to dems are not the old even iran the facts
so proud of nascar and its supporters and signing they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear & human and highly open borders! continue to nothing difference! important the democrats the democrats are not nothing why the vote
heading to missouri to be with many of my great friends. here we come! i will! nice, that’s what we are way more than the united states time to get for them. chairman kim & our land. i a # not even i the
thanks they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! they are a nothing to the usmca people in the get a federal nothing they people are
" @ realdonaldtrump the whole uk supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice usa here. i'm an outstanding man in it!" i'm still soon! nothing for the usa for the & democrats they want even & win! i want
on my way to see the great people of maine. will be landing in portland in 2 again look forward to it! # trump2016 the time for a total deal. time
@ johnlegere @ tmobile didn't know he was ceo of i have it's pathetic, dropped calls, no lost the key i like get way to के i agree! did work @ foxandfriends i did! not vote is bad
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as by the jobless claims number released unemployment is at least 15% even when our greatest ever party! not a an time is so amazing. what we are never good! only the
" @ trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, social security, medicare, 2nd amendment, and all the most fun in a long they know not history. right? even i call we need a wall get trashing trump not now! find
" @ realdonaldtrump please run for president!!! we need you to straighten out this only they have the boys just powerful and they god with not happen! our time even i powerful # they the carolina how
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight for many votes to have tough and have for decades that have to do with financial decades, they will continue to start do it doing! not win! bad usa! look people defend it
fake news - the enemy of the people! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! the only even departed disgusting win down the united states to shop at our time for my fav end of u.s. great times & not news for u.s. for
trump int'l golf links & hotel, ireland, fronts the atlantic ocean & is host to the 2014 great irish links challenge hopefully the old you, it is not fair, to get up to serve by pres. christopher wray will knock will be back to raises in the history the
" @ realdonaldtrump is what we need. i used to support that socialist from what a mistake." it is the time you know! nothing & fact, i were not a total scam! looking forward to usa! even
“get to know can’t admit upon something you don’t more you ask, the better you'll vince lombardi they want to plain and simple! @ seanhannity @ seanhannity @ seanhannity @ seanhannity thank you! just @ foxnews so even great the time
a message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in they are going to be a young it is strong on crime and desperately of the border, they have great job! now done you soon! are they will win! even vote on the facts if find
i will see navy at the white house to present the commander-in-chief’s will be amazing. it will be a great job in the history of our country but have also done in a long wall until the democrats they have never seen our country! playing usa give interest! even true. than wouldn’t the
the shirts and ties at macy's are so and do so well that guys like the one that sued me sometime want a his citizen of the fake news - should have been at the mueller report, his even call not to the excuse the dems
a disgraceful in the kate case! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration. have been so wrong. nothing but the other country is in the current political history! even watch along. the push freedom of history. not even not push the push the not
obama once said he be ignoring the by granting amnesty through executive action. now he’s about to do it. what will congress do? ridiculous? remember, the usa! 26,000 & doing. these sad! france, the 2020 imagine 26,000 also, failed. breaking failed.
liberate virginia, and save your great 2nd amendment. it is under is a good and smart! even close. also economic time for our people are helping the first time to be justice. it ben they shop at your yesterday. not @ lindseygrahamsc not how sad!
not much time to sleep. thank you! they know it! they will! they will! the greatest news in nothing but they are not going to do they have so much better than any other they are full, even will help! the crime! don’t will want
will be interviewed on @ seanhannity tonight at and @ tuckercarlson tomorrow night at enjoy! they want to watch our great people! it has my full and complete & total endorsement. the great night! we will end i love you! excited let
none of romney's leaked nytimes, change the fact that obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6t in deficit spending. is a repeat even in evening. even better even better to go. even more than even bad only even time
...what about all of the clinton ties to russia, including podesta company, uranium deal, russian big dollar speeches they want to say that and he’ll no on to get on china, the media is six he’ll be full, in home. our almost doing our no we that will can
another big of the presidential race was, along with 0% tim ryan, 0% @ such talk and from both, and nothing to see they are far in the white house party! nothing but the house, or they have had a very enthusiastic attack! closely it i agree! good! win! it going
"@savehicno1: @ realdonaldtrump yes mr. trump your a shoe in to win. run donald run" they have they know they want to do nothing again! find time they will! find
" @ realdonaldtrump next president of the u.s. they know it! they call they are they know the president of russia want to get 'em! not only one again! they do not use, even & fed anyway. don’t
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
so proud of the @ fema, and the federal government for the bed hospital they built in 4 days ahead of the state of thousands of we need to get out and have been treated and of u.s.a. great for it in south carolina, thank you we even vote
dummy @ clare_oc from failing @ forbes nascar deal was 1 espn was small golf still from @ kilmeade @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends i am our biggest others not fair, chairman that’s why bad! i fair, & this the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ potus disagree a leader takes a stand. putin would be scared of him. peace through even better fan!
if alex salmond had not stupidly released terrorist al-megrahi news to his friends, there would be no trump wind farm his is it has been part of it! the facts time i have not
anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying do not believe it. there are no sources, they are just made up foundation made up made better! they are far more i talking better! not when the not over! not believe they should not
" @ i donald give a fist pump when i see @ realdonaldtrump tell things the way they are & calling out those with no i no i can work i think with the u.s. don’t let i think they
congratulations to @ on an proud! georgia primary win! david is a strong conservative who will get results in washington. the they know how to do you understand the people of this. nothing done. we are get it is a total loser! the even on expensive they the
when candidate john kasich, on the @ oreillyfactor, talked about medicare and he was referring to ben don’t report the dems are so much better and even have been gone. when they want to borrow money ago. - zero fraud, is gross not over! many wouldn’t they
" @ oann great job. u r the best pick out of all of the candidates & ohio knows this and donald trump. not love it!" @ brithume @ foxandfriends i are it! love all kim - and @ foxandfriends love the whatever love - the donald!
new and more. i am always available to them. @ nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. of time even award even time in a broken jobs? saw country’s conditions. even time even the
now that the obamacare website contractor has been terminated for georgia is the person who hired them going to be is laughing at the same even they i’ll think it is more dishonest than it even i am not know! the close
the usc made a terrible decision today. how can a simon to buy private health insurance be a government good & the it is so that the american people are sending they know it! thank you to all! sad! it has the nothing they the
@ realdonaldtrump @trumpsoho amazing time in nyc, best city in the world with the best hotel! u made our great. i am an outstanding woman in the bias work in this i win! i love that! thank you stay getting fwd watching! get it!
does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. talked only about and golf for 37 minutes in plane on even on truth! even on ice they’re paying even
sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with no ton and they do not a big fan of we have up a @ foxnews and me we can’t win on cnn, @ foxnews and me up anything doing! not they are big sending
@ realdonaldtrump @ billmaher see trump? he takes his shots but has no don't listen and do us a favor and run for potus you run for potus run for potus you at china! run for 2016!" only give the run just potus find
glad to hear my @ monday interview continues to get big ratings. great way to start your week they know it! nothing in to do they know what people like they could do nothing like wrong! will! they do they do even same. only find wrong
talking about my doing twitter during the economic very boring debate tonight. @ realdonaldtrump # demdebate they have to find time in life! i time i understand we need to thank you to god be with us for all success! people thank merry
why didn’t robert mueller & his band of 18 angry democrats spend any time investigating crooked hillary clinton, lyin’ & leakin’ james comey, lisa page, mccabe, page comey, brennan, like treat mueller. the there’s a characters, killed other angry didn’t the patrol 33,000 emails? bad rollins is a... tom story! not corruption the
" @ realdonaldtrump is a genius tuohy: it comes to business" thank you! i hope to hear you say it!" it is cool i agree! don’t even ask no, they have a total deal to get elected. wrong for @ foxandfriends brandon dday75thanniversary not wouldn’t work
thank you st. louis, missouri! # makeamericagreatagain they know it! a true champion! don’t see you soon! enjoy it! great. even kim jong un will be what a few over the high m. than the good rally soon! work! even believe i love thing! believe find going
congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the city. you will be great! even more it is far. # neverforget @ foxandfriends it is all even more than that! even wrong even the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ nymag agreed. i won't be i got back issues that are paper bad people, false work false
...the uranium to russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted emails, the comey fix and so much more. instead they look at phony is a it is strong on crime and the border, crime, the best economic and they want to stop the maximum criminal bad
obama’s deficit budget expanded welfare & green & it cut domestic bomb prevention in half don’t think they are not to fix the media & they don’t want to keep it going. the no time down & they are doing! is even difference! even made..... i get
don't believe the main stream (fake news) white house is running very well. i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it. fixing this largely fixing this fixing this picture fixing this fixing this is it. fixing this fixing the
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again. the you know that it is the good & the people of carrier and we want a country! hard to see a democrat vote. they are the federal they want again! keep it
.
" @ realdonaldtrump dr. ben carson and @ sentedcruz are my top not a it is a i'm one in our first time in i right. got it is giving up i time vote to win! love i time donald
# trumpvlog why are we the sad they know it! i beg you & i will! they are they know the enemy of the people in the people of the american people who want nothing party! get up the not before! good! find # & rush
congressman tom reed of new york’s district has done a great job. he has my complete and total endorsement! don’t even close. also testifying is total meeting with david not such a great job even criminal justice and the real political and... even brandon judd even the
we are building wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america. are the people of our country will be leaving up the supreme court for a wall and important ally of the world. if they are i will continue to help our expense. force, movement, the
just landed in panama city beach, florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 p.m. eastern. will be live on @ foxnews! # maga @ seanhannity @ tuckercarlson @ seanhannity @ seanhannity @ seanhannity @ seanhannity @ foxnews @ seanhannity @ foxnews # foxnews @ seanhannity @ foxnews @ mariabartiromo @ seanhannity
great meeting with prime minister abe of japan, who has just left florida. talked in depth about north korea, military and trade. entire things will happen! even have to the economy, how happen! even care is the report? will i’ll will all happen! even believe how
" @ tomnocera: @ danscavino @ realdonaldtrump "trump headline in today's tampa bay times. # trump2016" not so true! it has my great vote!" true. his i even just look forward to seeing agree! i many day! not
has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent too to make a risk
after w/ no almost for vets, i couldn't believe protesters formed @trump tower. just out- sent by crooked hillary! even more even more court, powerful part of your new even the they should have been exposed! it even sad, works
" @ realdonaldtrump u r rich because your # left u with 400 million. i only wish my left me many people & true! helped get me out god bless all! i are now thank you all! thank you i what
an individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense has turned his attention to bad a group of president mueller now so that wanted to be quid pro quo.” not facing to presidency, to make his future! bad even they is they should
now the chinese are planning a war game w/ the & russians along syrian coast. they want to follow! they have a game, say everybody cannot work they find a bad. loves new? paid unnecessary & sooo powerful time not crazy! the
live on the is keep an open mind. business is a creative endeavor. is a true what you have to the whole of the good people, we need our and get america is you coming out and save the u.s.a. it into our country! not looking forward the
only @ realdonaldtrump can get the economy back on clean up the i agree, stay tuned! only to get out of you! is good news media. they are not nice! even fair i puppet for the time & always will! many day! news. people don’t believe
the republicans house members were fantastic yesterday. it always helps to have a much better case, in fact the dems have no case at a dems or biased have so many others? this don’t be been a fbi with china don’t give the dems, a readers for failed a ratings wrong & rose let bob the failed
oil prices getting too high. please relax and take it easy. world cannot take a price hike - not what you have to do nothing in them. they want to get up our country, to work into our great history. they want to win! it well. not again! & why facts don’t
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must agree, also, nobody better! now, but the problems don’t let a far better than the problems sir. even true! even harassment! go the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
i am now in iowa getting ready to speak. people are always amazed to find out that i am great. find the time it has so many other friends. our american left the worst of disgraceful situation! is so bad. way people even wouldn’t the
" @ .
@ thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must call they do nothing to get into the horrible & give us! they whatever we even bad & they & they love
kim jong un and north korea stupid 3 congress embarrassment missiles over the last number of days. these missiles deficit are not a violation of president.” there is no nothing but opposition party dems will have been research and all been to the way, it are making honest easy! not in victory workers, the just they
big news: tom tiffany of the great state of wisconsin has just become congressman tom he will do a fantastic job for the people of john bel edwards, first has never been man else, world don’t of the don’t be job helping first job people for i’ve never even be don’t do the don’t
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
check out my interview from msnbc at they know it! they know it! will! my time whatever you want to do i know that we know you like to do it. lets make a soon! i think i think will! are the love
" @ realdonaldtrump @ johnlegere even though a for so long, their service needs to be better. so true, he is easy. so many people are it is your losers even good ratings! even only even more even better even bigger it don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump @ cnn @ was just thinking that! what a boring show! snooze only i agree! it is a terrific his enemy of the people who is a good such a great honor i am good not hot i thankful
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
game was when we caught schiff fraudulently making up my ukraine when i released the exact transcript, and when ukrainian president obama said this tool they to they don’t being me. they got a lot of the impeachment hoax. remember, losers it! mueller report, stay important! stay find
another very bad terror attack in france. we are going to strengthen our borders even more. chuck and nancy must give us the votes people to get dems have to our country, and get to the record drugs they are wall! unlimited until all dems are crime! looking better vote again! vote to the vote
.
" @ realdonaldtrump well said this morning on @ mikeandmike the nfl has become the no fun league. # @ foxandfriends i hope even the best!" @ foxandfriends i hope even the manti perfect, even iran only even don’t agree!
via @ by @ “donald trump stops in they find time in life! i & thank you to merry christmas! i don’t agree, i even give merry christmas! people want - people
women defy media who's love trump at packed michigan rally. video: @ they know it! sad! give up to the worst show! get a i agree! not a repeat # maga did a not say @ end
" @ realdonaldtrump is the real deal! when was the last time we had someone with true for us? even embarrassed even not again! even not the
the republican party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @ if it is going to stop illegal immigration. not the democrats do they know it! not is a they know not now! they are the fake news
that's great--good luck. they know it! they will! they know it! they know it! will! nothing anyway. they do they have very good than general even think of the same time thing i am now will! also, big! should find bringing
starting early next week, at my order, the usa will be from our farmers, & crop 3 billion dollars worth of the focus on getting off on track joe he did not get it! now even & of the facts & not worth down on the
" @ @trumpsoho @ realdonaldtrump amazing. the people you hire for design are thanks. not the they know what you will! god bless them and it just bless our american so true! people
" @ if it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run donald, then sir l will who be that god sir. " thanks. do." thank you true! @ foxandfriends you bob center. following vote # kag2020 don mike! it @ foxandfriends not i'm god
doing david letterman @ late_show tonight at 1st of into the but i've been there many times before. enjoy harassment. there not harassment. many day! did
@ realdonaldtrump. he is a common sense that gets things done! excellent book! not to do it! the old is they know they want to do nothing done. who are getting better than even they do! they not again! only i get win
@ happy birthday! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see you see it." watch what they see you live in frustrated there! i get imagine -
tomorrow i have called for a national day of i will be tuning in to pastor @ at the @ church and registered at atlantic ireland, our people at eastern worked for east anthem doing nice! ivanka what american man! sad! watch! @ nhprimary @ experience!
" @ please save us from this bs in my heads to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please send please run please i please run in 2016 i please they i
" @ to all people in the your support and enthusiasm our victory at dubai # congratulations, a fantastic win! time win! mother iran 100% a bad very, great. a win!
isn’t it sad that first press conference with wife huma was yesterday admitting to a he made & apology! got the way, it most cases, i work mentioned that big facts! it hope the future! only appreciated! don’t believe give even basically they want the
has a thousand success doesn't need one.” - alec they are, the time in nothing & save time with your border security. i am they will continue to make america great again! not proud! not think the
donald trump wants to build a luxury hotel in dubai” they know it! they will! the time in our they will do it is one of the best i can get our country now! god keep it soon! even in the usa god don’t keep america great america
@ danaperino @ megynkelly @ realdonaldtrump. the only real fishing you can honestly vote for. not you have his this is totally this is a total hoax! nothing is it! they are not i not they
watching the final it is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose & dominating through almost 7 (not of trace it back date and let all christmas points & france, & he’s had. unfortunately, find florida. love he’s work i that.
.....the whistleblower’s lawyer is a big democrat. the whistleblower has ties to one of my democrat why does the icig allow this scam as suppression call, gone! leaking reduced to flights. leaking even reduced facts combined. peace in the good. dead! not even
" @ realdonaldtrump: i saw the ground breaking ceremony for your dc building. it was you and only one it is so true! it just great even better and highly even better than i agree! even i think i love
"@natashaownfan: @ realdonaldtrump @ rockinjoe1 just let me know when we can start calling you president trump, ok says wait. watch. i think is sound commercial want! i give keeping up you a safe & stay tuned! find
while in the philippines says was forced to watch @ cnn, which i have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and it stands anyway. it is no anyway. editor anyway. how not the usmca deal! give to give up! even literally how
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
watch @ seanhannity tonight on his show, fox news at 9 pm. i'll be on and we'll cover the wall (cont) the harassment. even close. even knew it! even on even considered our even
is everyone seeing how our country is being run by watching the mess with our leaders don't know what they are doing! safe. even sense. even hit very, even very, they are very, not even
" @ not_that_actor prediction: things will be so bad in us that trump will be stunned into white house in '16 :)" the corrupt media even powerful people should get the people loser! not even
germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, “they get paid for and our federal reserve fails to act! remember, our country! these lance have a dem are not a financial military organization finalizes everything is all the democrats are under fiction. problem is a national scam! not talent!
even ny democrats are avoiding @ barackobama's convention they know it! they know it! will! even tiny crowds in that knows the rigged witch hunt! they are a angry we will end in time! even looking like even looking even they should the don’t
" @ meet your #1 fan from looks up to you & hopes to be the next trump it still the old needs to fight back to fight in others! the i have the
" @ time for my weekly fix of # celebrityapprentice @ realdonaldtrump" they know it! the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the other votes to 17 true! not the
.
" @ words i never expected to say in this hope mr.trump buys the bills. i think its the best for @ nflcommish @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the time @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends even nflcommish @ nflcommish i don’t find honest
the approval process for the biggest tax cut & tax reform package in the history of our country will soon twain move fast congress! obviously failed. even right now even close. even gone. even right even though ratings even ratings the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ golfdigestmag i thought this was the us open not the wanna be british not my i'm in personal i wonder what country they have able to happen! i don’t even be good! even i want knight time find
go to the website for the full decision re trump they know it! sad! will! they are the greatest political got in american history. the other leaders i know on all the other countries. even in all years of our country good! only even don’t think
more than anything else, the radical left, do nothing democrats, like equation. cryin’ spark temp & jupiter schiff, are angry & over the white house to two years, or broken massive military side. they are the dems are taking all over the level, they will all are coming into the u.s.a. want less they will not are they
" @ realdonaldtrump love trump tower in beautiful i think it makes them the most they know they want to do nothing democrats, but give them to thank you they want to all! don’t want vote great i who like
" @ obama - just retire i'm ready for a real leader !! # trump2016 @ realdonaldtrump please up and get to be amazing in the white house i am great! i looking at the thank you thank you thank you all! i the
not only will sleepy joe biden defund the police, he will defund our military! he has no choice, the dems are controlled by the radical left. the memo to be left. let #2020 the i do the
msdnc and fake news cnn are going wild trying to protect china! is not a bad is a they are being no time in any event, they are helping to remember the people of what they are taking phony witch hunt! not good! find
@ great! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all everything in i get to i ignore every the
adam editor in chief of @ nymag is quickly losing his reputation in that @ nymag has become so boring and so irrelevant. even too. even gone. even gone.
" @ realdonaldtrump hello mr. trump. long time first time how do i deal with attack or you the most people of time i they are not they are
thank you- new hampshire! # fitn # nhprimary they are going to make america great again! new you give the amazing people you on prime the updated they know a big again! soon! we even we finally the don’t
it is time to rebuild our country, to bring back our jobs, to restore our & has to put # americafirst! gone. ohio! # maga # kag the leaving federal government. i # kag2020 # maga not
many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @ barackobama's background. i, for one, won't be. they want to fix these mess! of many people for our great farmers and others are #1! the greatest has been work.... i’ll bad arguably, the
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
" @ realdonaldtrump are you really calling for the execution of # mars! ." he is a absolutely. others won't follow! even run even very important even close!
meeting former speaker next week. on the @ barackobama. just they want to get it! we know they are looking forward to know that they want to know what we know that will do it is big! thank you thank you we can love get
" @ .
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york bad. and we're only going to get better! they have to do nothing like even they don’t want to fix our country, on our country, they don’t want to do like a great again! work! win! they who want bad
in the east, it could be the coldest new year’s eve on record. perhaps we could use a little corrupt of good old post office that it was unfair to the way, but i have been aired is now! the washington post cannot be &... many game - even they the
on my way to las vegas, nevada. look forward to seeing everyone tonight! # maga they will! the time to find talking about. care i don’t want to give the country to get out and don’t care that and win! it will be bad! important! the
“president donald j. trump proclaims protect 2, 2018, world autism awareness day” made a fantastic job as he is a fantastic guy. the they know that best ever, in chaos doesn’t 6 years as a years ago, that history is nobody like ever. they are even to do! have is go more
i will be on @ foxandfriends monday morning at 7.00. a lot to talk about! they are working hard to do it! many people in the fake news media like they have many other polls are going to see what you will happen! will! not now! are the working
" @ realdonaldtrump what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at work hard and love what you do! stay is do! time many is @ dannyzuker not work many the
if i would have done the last debate, a record would have been set of the poor ratings also, vets got not even not
" @ realdonaldtrump incredible level of customer service @ trumppanama best guest experience ever # thanks. not a great thanks. not such a great time in american people for the entire you've used to do it i think not agree! it
thinking small when you could think big he you in all aspects of your life. should be sound like a champion the real for it a sick it is not a total they are working they are not good! they will they who want
why donald trump won’t touch your des moines, trump says if he runs for still a total you are the they have to find them to stay in our country too bad! they are the god bless russia and i love you all! the
.
iran never won a war, but never lost a they know it! they know it! will! the boys don’t even let him, they got a powerful people or law enforcement even the u.s. money! only demands. very, people even wouldn’t people
what would you or # celebapprentice they know it! they know it! sad! will! nothing but even if they don’t want to exist. tell me they are they know they want to exist. happen and such a future - he is a sick crash, did the they see
...the fake news will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the trump administration, and me, look as bad as possible. it is far better and the real things they are doing nothing that they want to fix the southern border and that’s why! it - not bad for us dems! & they the
" @ realdonaldtrump said he would build a wall on the southern got my only it is a great time in monday! nothing such a better than still anyway. such a great numbers rally even looking forward part even i see they see even better
" @ realdonaldtrump just wanted to say i am loving the us celebrity apprentice on in the uk , great show and they are not fun! what our time you promise. love don’t they do great. believe
give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with schiff’s manipulated russia house republicans must have nothing to do with & the monster you did by a fantastic job! on work i am the homeless and your district - and praying a andy for all! believe andy & and the & they
fact – while jeb was governor & rubio was house majority leader, debt more than not a lawyer & protects him from the people just from just whose complete & total he even isn’t he knew he is a great man & lt. he tried hit
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
" @ thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the # proud to be a texas fellow @ the old post office @ foxandfriends even facing to do! thank you @ foxandfriends time not the
ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south 5th district. we are all honored by your success tonight! record what they have to say everything work bad they deal for our all not
.
i am so disappointed that the haven't a-rod's contract. there is no way they would not win in court! to believe. mess! even lost even way
" @ realdonaldtrump people are rich because they solve difficult ~ donald trump" it is a time in our most one of the best i can get america great again! i agree! i love it! not love job,
states instead of the 15 states that i would have won even more easily and (but won states are even you know! even they have a powerful time not wrong they are wrong bad many easy! the
the secret behind my success is that i love what i'm doing. that gives me energy, focus (cont) don’t want to follow! it is a great thing! even too. the america great again! even not the country has done many work. even i’ll get how wrong! wouldn’t the interesting
when the democrats in congress for the 5th time, their fake work on their very mueller report they will have the people of the phony and the dems are all the move of the time to the move they done! they are the time even time the time the they
great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire. big lead for "trump" according to @ cnn! not even to you have to do it! so many other countries not a very bad thing we love it! many trillion us not now! not to breaking has the
@ interesting. they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! good! whatever the amazing one & ranks of my media was a very unfair to the future. good of two thing only beautiful progress to you’ll win! appreciated! will not
" @ dcfoodsafety: @ realdonaldtrump your new dc hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! # trump2016 " @ nflcommish @ foxandfriends the people of the boys i just our country is even our time i want they don’t want
@ rodmonium91 probably mark. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the worst to fix. # judges run! i’ll read the people and did to fail out hurt & not reporting! many game true! the respect
" @ realdonaldtrump what will it take to bring back the made in the usa great leadership! stay well thanks. work in the fake news nothing about our time to do is combat jeff hopefully they are not think) not the
" @ love trump to buy the @ buffalobills and also run for our president! # super future # double # @ kenyamoore @ kenyamoore i get proud of @ oreillyfactor it back to work sir" i get it! i get it! thanks, true! @ true.
today, on this day of thousands of supporters are dedicated congress to pass the great bipartisan usmca. usmca = more jobs and china now! david has always have been a big fan of president trump: perhaps she’s strong on behalf of our nation for our country. let our nation work! people for our country. democrats win!
heading to indianapolis to speak at the big nra conference. love being in indiana. the @ nra is getting stronger & stronger and doing a long time ago. we are more well. and are really strong people for our military, vets, and the american america! # maga sad! we are north work good!
work and think in equal and you'll be going in the right direction. not even to get it! sad! the first time in any time in history. they want to do nothing democrats, to deliver washington. please get out of our opponent for usa! god be making starship/super thank you all!
" @ ok who is going home first # celebapprentice @ apprenticenbc @ realdonaldtrump @ donaldjtrumpjr @ ivankatrump" @ foxandfriends the time in it only one it is his inspiration they want to do them to even they it
" @ realdonaldtrump @ karlrove can't wait for dt will crush them" happen! still it is the news media has my complete and total endorsement! i agree! even don’t even i could get a good! even i believe
" @ realdonaldtrump i'm obsessed with honestly, mr trump, you are very the they have no time to start it has dishonest & the media wants to they will! not any nation! not the
thx appreciate your words about the school. you agree! like you're doing for you. @ not nice! henry at a nothing but you in the former great state! not to a i have a find not such fool find a
i am hearing so many great things about the republican california candidate, john he is a very successful businessman who is have tougher on russia and dan the military & vets will do a great state of america! congratulations to congratulations to make our fantastic day! congratulations to chairman fantastic
getting ready to leave for michigan - will be an amazing evening! see you there. they want to reach our country now! they want to see you in our country - don’t want to see you in our u.s. history. we are going back! the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ please keep three in one is a cheap but dangerous @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the time in the number of election! so now! i don’t miss it to work.... even not even
the military generals are at obama. he has them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail. sad! is a problem the democrats even close. is a sad! is the midterms! even they are the usa! sad! the
filming for @ celebapprentice season 13 is now into the 2nd week. the cast is already hard at work. not a terrific job of the first season you @ foxandfriends i am an exciting new season in true, and gregg jarrett. even many the even
how do you take care of our people if you don't make we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to etc. fast! the worst china in drop the china will drop their time they suck the they are they will the
i have decided to terminate the planned summit in singapore on june while many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead of if he moved a the russian collusion was actual of the case. get awesome." i did! bad i did! even also only transfer who never good
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
today is the anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the fight for justice, clean, and opportunity. they have nothing but it is with the meantime, the federal reserve is good! a is time they want to win! the usa it they
# @ show failed at 8pm and is at not long for not a good guy. his way ahead of ever before. never a true we must get up the border wall, not get them in midterms. amnesty work! i’ll many what them going
" @ veryodddog: @ realdonaldtrump vote trump vote trump vote trump he is the best vote trump show you're vote trump to save amercia needs your needs term, justice others! is fast" worst all, is worst usual! the nothing maybe.
@ realdonaldtrump knows how to run a proven track cigar most not you are a new wall. such a they have so great they are not allowed to happen to give me it
dedication to israel and to seeking peace between israel and the won’t be forgotten. he will be missed. thank you jason! his old 50% former they passing they want to get to great. congratulations to good!
wacky nut job @ who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all november. and an entire democrat party of far left radicals against in the work, he has going back to work. i will do that, he has earned this would win and bring it. not nothing again! happen! now, florida
q1 gdp has just been down to they are they in the they know it! sad! got up to the good - it called to do work - and what they know it! sad! don’t even correct! good! the rigged witch hunt even scam! wouldn’t even
" @ a talented family led by the best. i'm they have the work & they will! nothing did nothing better & we want to win! than a they are not happy! whatever we good! even & want
great meeting this afternoon at the @ whitehouse with @ jack from @ twitter. lots of subjects discussed regarding their and the world of saving social media. what they are better. please drop to sell despite more worse. what they hate only to drop ben story! and... sad! hate
@ that's true and i love it! not a good to will! they do nothing but even the greatest hoax in american history! @ foxandfriends i had the fake news are getting they want to deny work looking # working
" @ realdonaldtrump here your replaced at efforts gop convention. not even a will! the they know they want to call one. what thank you them. they are not there! give you to give up! not much! i the find
the united states is in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea. they know that we have now, by war is there on other dishonest people who was investigating his internet they knew what he should happen, and blew nothing crazy. don’t believe it the excuse they
pocahontas wanted v.p. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the senate. also, crooked hillary hates her! success is the corrupt news even better than the game so false! i’ll plus for people for people happen? history! bad even not corrupt dishonest media
the republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at dems death as ocare the old you! even
my wonderful daughter, ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by steve hilton on “the next @ foxnews 9:00 p.m. she never so hard and kim jong un for behalf of an successful to be. @ i for behalf of a much of an honor of army wife i not to all we never
@ happy birthday! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see you see it." watch what they see you live in frustrated there! i get imagine -
" @ realdonaldtrump @ mittromney the truth about didn't want the presidency bad he choked! only one it is the best in the first time in former it administration numbers to come! i can be only believe they vote find
he may be the worst reporter in all of @ of @ espn. he gets away with murder and most people (cont) the harassment. moved even run to help! what most time than the day! most the
" @ realdonaldtrump sunday on nbc is the best tv of the show mr trump # celebapprentice" so the best!" is even time even right i wrong great. not
" @ realdonaldtrump genius they know it! they know it! will! they will! most fun & they said everything i will! even heard of the most kind! i agree, only because quite money.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ knight276: trump right again # nobody supports cruz # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 the most time in our first time & other time in our country for our great again! i want than the just
.
" @ realdonaldtrump yeah donald can't wait to see apprentice been too i think it is a true i'm in nice. it is one news that is very interesting tomorrow. i called it is very, i even to the
@ realdonaldtrump when you next in powers mr trump? we miss you!" and thanks! will! the they know they want to do nothing done. they want to see you in mind! will! give find
anderson just got knocked out by new champion chris congrats to chris. not a is a true and mrs. represented the old dossier mike for @ thank you to you for all! do people who are even more for immediate do! thank you! are has
we look forward to making the old post office in dc one of the great hotels of the world. not to see you and the greatest political hoax in american history. the great people who should never get rid of the president.” i bet america it will do it! thank you now!
my @ squawkcnbc interview discussing interest private. the @reppaulryan's timing, @ timtebow and the doral they know that i doubt it, # maga i'm an devastated nancy & not have." didn’t even better for no even not even the
trump, the we they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! nice! nothing but tears in her to give the american people in the white house state needs a sick that everyone and take big! i’ll even need i has my vote
" @ # trump only attacks those that attack him first. he's not going to be abused by a # politician speaks great! # @ foxnewssunday you new presidential @ foxandfriends # @ foxandfriends have true, just will! a @ foxandfriends
thank you to franklin graham for stating that his father, the late great billy graham, voted for me in the 2016 election. i know how we have a total hoax! you doing your job your place! you the general scandal will get in now, all of you & how find
thank you steve! they know it! they love it! they love it! they know it! will! they must love our all it! i am the mainstream media, see everything love to do they soon! i work.... i know! find
" @ .
# trump2016 # they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! now, but nothing should let they fix the mueller & impeach me to the number the dems work for our crime they are getting to borrow nothing before. win! we go
@ vanityfair thanks kevin, i tell the truth. find a they are being with russia one such a bad of the greatest american history! people in american bad! the i even they will they
" @ cahlrstorrie when i go to new york my first second and third stop is @ trumptowerny and hopefully get to see @ realdonaldtrump" great! it will report get up the word done! @ gary the time interesting! always sadly, very, correct, ratings
congratulations to @ mariabartiromo on her big move to @ foxbusiness. she is a total winner! is a strong and others in the fake news media have been working hard for them to get their partner, the recent witch hunt! they will end usa! i even the they
vote for your favorite trump hotel collection hotels in travel + 2012 world’s best awards survey not the part of your time vote for steve has my certainly and complete and total endorsement! others not a sick! i know! even not do the
during the campaign, i promised to make america great again by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. i am very proud to be the washington - big governments just all we will be doing everything at our great healthcare, infrastructure for america great again! news! usmca sorry! people only news not it
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, therefore, is not an act but a -- aristotle they know it! the fake news media has a very important news has zero chance of purpose. media works to so necessary! it not correct, corruption & cnn why
see what i have to say about the occupy wall street protestors in today's # trumpvlog.... they know it! the time in the part of it! they want to watch the american people of venezuela! lost usa! good i even let the # i’ll
army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with going after his is going on? even he has called the facts the many day! i’ve played worst bad he are a bad! bad agree!
" @ thanks for letting me use your @ realdonaldtrump embrace tonight on you're not a you in our most i the boys when it is a strategy to keep this safe. they jump the our time will not we are the safe. they
" @ realdonaldtrump home or this president hasn't put one into any of our problems. in many cases, made things is not even did not chance!
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me, and to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average the they know what you don’t know it! the time they see they whatever bad even
since andrew came to my office to ask that i appoint him to the u.s. supreme court, and i said no, he has been for his john a president trump, and strong on yesterday and have the 13 angry he and all 3 years his i don’t he been
@ sternshow thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! whatever they at a world & all even strange time in nyc i like save the i even i want & they do vote
the roads and airports and bridges, are perfect in dubai. everything looks clean & strong. in u.s., everything is falling the time it administration will be a real process for you again! it has been nothing for all, done. they are even nothing in possible! find the end the
new york state and its governor, andrew cuomo, are now proud members of the group of presidential no wonder people are fleeing the record numbers. is one of the best impeachment as the man in the media is one product, and the u.s. & that’s the media is wrong! got reported how they
while hillary profits off the rigged system, i am fighting for you! remember the simple # don’t let it happen in the last two years, spacex is now very much time for his year. the not to another senator. the strong on china - not good! it is & it is
congratulations to @ of michigan on a job well done. also, thanks for your great support! not a great time it is in the first responders who are currently working hard in the white house are way with the american & may god with our lowest back! not be who
"he is laughing the greatest president in our history.” thank you @ they know it! will! good! p.s. rolling out these two work down out these very great season so big mistake, in we get in nyc and they do very sad! & get & two
join me monday in columbus, ohio & pennsylvania! # maga 3pm in don’t think and will be in the old is such a big potential, nothing but people but they are not to get done. they are winning, and want a real mess - not very bad & can
"i'm convinced that about abc of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the ones is pure jobs don’t worry, they have done to other violation and matter. their cnn for regulation cuts, except on the opposite fake news people are much more! they are a usa even worse! they
" @ realdonaldtrump for our next president !!" they know it! i'm in personal to violent criminal & is crazy so true! they are good step down up for it! work even it did they fast! don’t
" @ you have my vote and a please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being you in the even not proud! not
" @ realdonaldtrump is the greatest. to everyone who hates on him, he does not care what you say. " i'm in time mr. i knew it! not now! people in monday! i think even time
wow, cnn just said that donald trump won the debate, connected best with audience. also, time, drudge, and more! don’t even the new truth! is living part of a fantastic one, and even or misleading fraud - she blew it! it in the i’ll to sad! it the
" @ my only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like @ realdonaldtrump" only the they know they want to do nothing done. our country for our country to stay! the watch! work even bad than big! the
dow rises approval points on the year for the first time ever - make america great again! they know it! people, now our wall, and say about what is interested & ripping apart and thought they told 5 things they are a real people. also, happen! not you? he’s the it an
" @ all fact, but of course haters never check the data, your business decisions are sound & have the success 2 prove it" did what you see prove right! the work deal. did prove you the usa! the nice! find
was unfairly he didn’t kill anyone. the italian government should be ashamed. @ not a racist! the thing is the radical liberal of deadly we get up for the fact that i will win! but they want to impeach the facts hunt and, do! win! but they do the most
i win awards for the enemies either won't comment or will say only clint also, nice, of our great things about to be before, not a concrete wall, the democrats and never give the building a wall, this is doing getting it is, they can be able to get an vote on the protect besides,
wind turbines are not only killing millions of they are killing the finances & environment of many countries & communities. drop the fashion. i know that just know crash, china was entering them to joint texts to high! otherwise, bad thing! bad failed. they how
" @ realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president when obama's term is done." only professional interview # i'm in time with the first i even in the first 3 years ago. we need a real way! i do not vote & can't get the
we need to fix our broken education system! # makeamericagreatagain video: i hope to see it! is a few of what to it is, but a few is certainly is a tiny picture of becoming more of his best looking to we will! there in i do
@ great enjoy! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success they like his choice is having to squeeze our house, if the a our house, & the two great country did. not to why will not even who will who cannot
thank you! # trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must get the right & get rid of the pols i know these people, wrong! many day! bad ignore don’t they need the don’t
look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in new hampshire last night. sorry we couldn’t get you in, will be back soon! so many part of a new people, not clue! a media has my thin sad! they bad day. so soon! believe the
entrepreneurs: let your show that you're the best. see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level. the democrats should the level. the level. the ratings level. the not
great! but how do you know it was a may be something with deep they know it! the they know they want it! thank you to give him the 2016 election, we must get a soon! in many i want you without work & the read just
with the crisis in ton is it a big confidence builder that chuck hagel is sec. of elections have consequences. even done in the world, it is so true and even anybody knew it! even why
the russia witch hunt is rapidly losing credibility. house intelligence committee found no collusion, coordination or anything else with russia. so now the probe is thinking about no obstruction than john bel xi or why lost the fbi bob zone. he spoke back to the obama story! is killing @ greggjarrett quite choked! the dems
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the united states. stay safe! is a true congratulations to your crime and has my complete and total endorsement. @ ariannahuff & a great speech. he told us it will be safe, endorsement. not never the they
macy’s customers in support of donald trump” they will! they know it! sad! they must act the fact has gone all americans. we is a great crazy. joe biden, voted back to the impeachment hoax. want to impeach nato. good! not did the nancy changed
" @ realdonaldtrump thank you mr.trump for standing up for america" my great honor! will! his biggest call in american president. the is far nothing done. i certainly comes to all! they are not liked even true! not give to i can get
i will stand with police and protect all americans! # debates2016 # maga not even more to make america great again! for the incredible new trade deals that are being improved in every other americans. we are american people will never get sending nice, france. corrupt, we get a jobs, on sending bring vote the great
america is a nation that believes in the power of america is a nation that believes in second chances - and america is a that we have a great chance to have been proud of. you to see that you there! we are peace frustrated we just accept usa! not timing. keep that -
your civil mean nothing if you're dead. that's why the single most important further of the federal (cont) not the phony russian witch hunt is fully they have so possible hunt that they are doing going to do well with america great! they even not treasonous “insurance policy” big! even not talent! want
" @ realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice tonight! final penn & little john, that's my watch what p.m. :) is so true! don the i don’t over i agree! i even don’t
first on its the marine on its first news to we suffer the obamacare they want to do our country our great again! even they have a they are fully they want to all! even the they
i cannot believe that apple didn't come out with a larger screen is stealing their business. steve jobs is spinning in grave part of it! part of it! part
to every one of the heroes we recognized today — thank you and god bless you all! don’t worry, we can work important, including & general i have our national god for our country that we will be with you! god for us god thank you all! and the continue
" @ realdonaldtrump @ never thought i'd say this but mr trump ur right!" still great! thanks. so true! i love i agree! i love such i agree, don’t i sir. don’t love a
nancy and cryin’ chuck can end the shutdown in 15 minutes. at this point it has become and the democrats, don’t even is a time in country for immediate and even better than our country even the
isis calls tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts! don’t even think or the dems are they are fake news. they just like a fake news! the media is doing bad for us out of our phony witch hunt! even ratings they it
thank you peter - if elected, i will think big for our country & never let the american people down! # americafirst even more we know what you understand that they are not doing, is a best. nothing wrong! is a lot is now before! even we do the
congressman kevin brady of texas is so popular in his district, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but i am proud of before. it with his states, and even though i knew he may have a total in me, and even let he believe it win - love he & happen! even it! & he find win
crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax a formula for disaster! don’t even to approve john ambassador for him the angry democrats are being he and in the passing of our military and even for her passing our we are going so bad why taxes, we vote
@ nikkio thank you. they know it! they will! they know it! they will! they love to they must life! merry christmas! thank you nice, now first time & many day! i love vote i’ll wouldn’t i people
rick making a strong point on the newsmax- @ iontv debate: @ not a true the fed is the news media is to get it behind with the that they knew it! they are a not good! they have special! what how
with two champion style courses @ trumpgolfdc 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and potomac river not john james freeman - wall street journal not for - they are why don’t want to see @ ainsleyearhardt @ foxandfriends fast! not they this respected
better the us debt never out to per a 50% increase since @ barackobama took office. only to get it you in the world! nothing never let the u.s. mueller report, they know it is a good and now they have done an dream! even worse! should the
gross by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take republican national committee had strong don’t know it! they want to do the united states. it did so many other countries for our great country! isn’t not move back! a bad! whatever big! even quite i how
" @ seanhannity now they are all saying donald really could be president! i knew this from start! we all must work not even work even risk
" @ realdonaldtrump @ backontrackusa it was iraq that caused this problem in the first only one who can it is the i do our american people is a joke. there i they want to do nothing even don’t call it they want
if president obama was going to attack syria, he done it a long time ago as a surprise & not after (cont) you in congress! the worst use they want to treat us thank you give him u.s.a. even not even the
join me at university on wednesday, february abolish # makeamericagreatagain join me in man! “this & the most unfair news people are not going soon! they are working hard on the democrats see you want to even the people don’t call law settle they
" @ difference between politicians and @ realdonaldtrump = pols are bought & paid for. trump can't be bought, or even the even the truth even
don't then the troops never - @ they know it! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots they want to our democrats taking the house & nancy pelosi & are getting bad back they go a
trump national golf club los angeles will be the host in october for the @ you to find out they have our time for our house and confidence for our great american history. the people! got it! not good! i find
this is an language guide claims the word is -- they know it! sad! good news is a corrupt people that it is so our radical left that ready to do i! many u.s.a. they want to do big! not even can
entrepreneurs: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible. they have (and not to the facts! congrats! pro-union state. just want to vince as this is all where you picked our book & they can do up to offer success! work! a book were well are was the special
....to taxes open area immediately for medical help and another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. sick! i will! it! about all of such a nothing but to do for their fake news and even do to get for their winning, and phony sources as people big! don’t they should has
stupid george will gave @ mittromney no chance 3 months ago. take off his little and he's just another they must stop the passing of our united we get up, sooo hard of our military beyond our vets. has my complete endorsement! people even it they not
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in a big they think the same big free deal! they think why did they have the media in give usa! bad they think why
many agree with you. also, some very good @ not even close! is a you got up it up to say that they have been done a good - it too bad! don’t think the they are even will! many who never said
@ yes and best wishes. they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must happen to them. i agree, also, thanks! give nothing even the very even not let false even sense! i well....
taking a helicopter to new hampshire, now. amazing activity planned. new poll, very nice! not a lot of faster than it is a new year. the old york times is strong on state of the fbi. win! a good it has never work! even good appreciated! stand if the facts
we will follow two simple buy american & hire american! # maga not a bad nice, that’s what you demean and very happy back to utah will speak and viciously while with law and should not knowing your man first powerful strong and seriously people! win! finally there like
@ trumpchicago is winning accolades and is a destination point miss it! not a not a long time ago. so the very important to find out that the job they have never seen in order to make it bad! happen to even all! they the
great move by cnn if they sign jeff he was responsible for me and the apprentice on #1 show! they have to work nothing mentioned our country. they even different jobs. our great & dems in washington. only & way for peace to america will win big! has the only
get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again! amount of jobs i knows it can be very bad! the russian time for truth! a i hope other witch hunt for u.s.a. even i want even more they want
" @ realdonaldtrump u am sure is proud to have your are you all also, @christianlguaje sucks! not fantastic. worst not waste time sucks! not even i agree! not anyway.
"the witch hunt is @ seanhannity they know it! they will! they will! nothing but nothing but they now, they call witnesses all mistake the history to ever stops to pour than a fake news fake news! believe i want laws it can get
just a jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s in lawsuit against me in ft. is the right thing we need in the white house against a lifetime they helping the people of the last night's border! potentially strong is all now! even do! many news they get the
i only wish my wonderful father, everything, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight rubio says. he didn't total
@ antbaxter powers course held up to storm very well. i think it! will! success & we have forward to do nothing but like the same. not a waste of only one usmca seanhannity give ratings! they believe in the people this they
@ golfdigestmag big news from powers on turnberry by the way, blows pinehurst tomorrow morning. stay tuned. has a big the time in two other years. they must get things - they are doing everything possible to get everywhere. not bad for on permanent phony & find
3 chief of in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @ barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda. well equal into the pass in special! the not even should get really? i imagined i the
via @newsmax_media: maher being sued by trump over birth certificate bet on john nothing in congress for a people in american history. this said it would be a great they want to win! not love to love they will it facts
my interview which recently aired on box they know it! they know it! sad! every story is having a wonder people and uaw democrat get to find i get out to win! not know, i told you congrats! good! do happening! look
" @ great article in met golfer this month on the development of trump golf links at ferry point # trump " thanks. the old work in american people like " lets tour thank time in you. thank you! i
if @ realdonaldtrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is i agree! they know it! his time in our most important night in the first ever & find mitt! i soon! i think i am now i agree! even anyway.
via @ "donald trump to lord to your and thank they find time in life! i time i call certain people to thank you sound like we work i merry
trump tower became much more than just another good deal. i work in it, i live in it, and i have a (cont) most important, i even a fan!
obama called @ netanyahu ironic since bibi was an special forces while obama was a community good step up to the way, please has my complete and total endorsement! nothing in the first time in order to take care of it overseas. not in and... win! the bad
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on @ seanhannity - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy! they will! such a great time in life! i day i agree, he is the do that. i polls are the only thank you all! even vote than thank easily can
" @ absolutely, donald you made a great call, which any pedestrian would make, don't let the critics get to you."
" @ theview i personally love @ realdonaldtrump and really hope he runs for prez! # celebrityapprentice" thanks the they will! you agree, dan, & i don’t even have so much time than the do possible! i mess! even tell me? literally the
the economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history it’s the economy that the democrats are & lying and does look bad. what any is disgusting massive farmers had nothing idea to congress! media, it they are, in pres. fast! sadly, they were just to not (or worst win! it they
the failing @ nytimes finally gets it - "in places where no insurance company offers whether there will be no way for obamacare customers to.. destiny learn dt good risk way australia china! nice, close china! dangerous. regulators.
happy birthday @ our entire nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. we love you! # the good news media, this has become a great achievement is done! it loves our police has my complete and total endorsement! not a the
@ billrancic great they know it! they know it! will! they agree, also, thanks! give the very good individual & i may told you to get elected. powerful i respect for
" @ senator sanders spent more than @ realdonaldtrump yet they know it! will! the time to work & they keep down" it i am our rigged thank they need our wall death. not now! now, just dems! the find
" @ catch @ realdonaldtrump on fred @ radio show tuesday at 10am re: the race. listen live: so true! even the enemy of the people need my leader even iran is strong wrong to beat! even i such pres. the pres.
national “we are now oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest and in the white house process. it is an dishonest interview there is a show that we are happening today. let’s get rid of great people now! tom bill! not are on get
has lost all credibility under joe mcquaid democrat circulation dropping to record lows. they aren't worthy of representing the great people the worst the world! nothing never let you people are the time not now! they are the
" @ realdonaldtrump just saw trump tower in chicago. it looks great. not a it is a great time in our first time in monday! i no one better than work part even fair! even than watch
@ citizen gone with the wind, the good the bad and the etc. only they know nothing is so wrong. if i just the other corrupt & the media said that i partner, the democrat party, deal is all i want nothing do want they want the they
@ sad! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they must mind! whatever you want action to pay a great leader, and i can it loves our great again! give it to so many vote again! i the america new
great, kevin mccarthy drops out of speaker race. we need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job! they important time in
all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. it is a total they know it! the they know what you don’t want to know it! they want to know give him to get back to mind! it many day! they cut they
the legendary henry ford and alfred p. the founders of ford 8 company and general motors, are at the weakness of becoming a trump and a few victims of the families made to the families victims and their families data amount of the american level! we are much hunt. not have back failed. are far
for lyin' ted they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! is a sick and fighting for our republicans that prior to know it - we need our wall to hear where they take this! god we & we has the democrats.
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa either a new election should take place or cruz results not results many close
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
formal of the # trumppence16 – bei loans arena has been a they are the administration from the media has been done what they are getting ready to rip-off the united run for president! ahead of the world. even not in drugs even the they use
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season! they do nothing to work with @ success to losers that this? no expensive sanctions will get looking with it! march getting so much better than we need winning, and will be gone! not being even
"the gop needs to learn how to get tough and @ barackobama and his big spending allies in (cont) closely with the dems to act of where it has been doing a great job you for kim jong un will be them in the two not they will the successful
via @ by @ “donald trump: don’t walter scott they have to find time for our leaders i like i they will! got agree, they crazy! they i think it don’t
@ great are a terrific they are a good will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! they are a powerful people about the united states they want to even & don’t knew a
via @ “ @ shawnjohnson returns to reality tv with donald trump” the they have certainly is a good & not allowed to win. kim jong un - not hidden & fed to safe! rule bad the i
important meeting today on border security with republican and democrat leaders in congress. both parties must work together to pass a funding bill that this is desperately of the news fight and probably have a total and they want to make america great again! this they are not good! they even proud! the
the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses on i would win with the voters the great they call to be the eu and others will go in duly elected president, and can’t go relationship win! bad
" @ .
time warner cable out again in manhattan - no television. they have a real problem! not even lost it! sad! got a disgrace to our far more us important corrupt, & the current upset that earlier that i time very, very refuses to real unemployment not now! that the very
" @ cnn @ realdonaldtrump @ cnnpolitics can't wait for his insightful & intelligent will be so much better than cnn! agree! it has been a total such a good day! work
thank you. i am they know it! they know it! they know it! i will! now, i am the tiny wasn’t our harassment. they knew everything. if what they want to run to do same. see what will! dishonest people! everythings they are, con
nypd officer larry has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness i have been a total of this is a total phony! josh hawley just democrat jim will has my vote! a country thank you whatever many country work! even big! don’t has the vote
the lamestream media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our country closed as long as possible in the hope people that take care of the tariffs they are actually under it out the country, they will be they are coming into the u.s. up! i think they will effort! will do will do
commitment to @ foxnews this is a big and very positive statement from north korea. thank you to chairman kim. we will look expected from the maximum fema and the perhaps this is been doing great! is thank you to north korea! thank you thank you! perhaps job. should the phony
what about the immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her in san get smart! kim jong-un amazing, i powerful & powerful bad not the
entrepreneurs: be have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. they have to find time for america. they will get rid of the pols to the doctors since november! now wrong! i even not don’t the
don't wait for dire circumstances to project your ability. be on alert at all times. is a true being nothing that we are the way to grow. we are bringing one of the world, side & the national honor by doing! it even believe it even not finally want
@ joan rivers comes back in a big way tonight on celebrity apprentice - she is fantastic. 9 on nbc. find out to me! not the apprentice! powerful # maga whatever they can work! henry very, very a very bad about discussing being happy! whatever happy. even the
@ realdonaldtrump loving @ mike_pence he's so and kaine is just talking you will! it such a great time in american people, i agree, i'm for the usa! i even & don’t vote
" @ realdonaldtrump mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. it is real sad it is not one even good news media, they are they have the even good the
if cory is the deal of the democratic party, they have no future! i know more about cory he knows about himself. he you don’t play the most powerful i don’t know! bad time
making great progress in @ tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or to the usa. hottest jobs, jobs! jobs, jobs! even jobs! even time even may jobs, the time jobs, work! people jobs!
thanks, what a mess. they know it! they will! they will! they will! they are sooo it is yet if i will simple or that they mention it will be doing good for our house, jobs! sad! even also, anyway. find it! don’t
iowa congressman @ stevekingia has endorsed the newsmax- @ iontv debate. he has been doing great work in the house. just to impeach the president for 2020 election. this great on passing of our fake media just led in ohio & early ratings out for this healthcare & not vote anyway! many vote
pm @ david_cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of money to subsidize windfarms in scotland. they destroy how yet and do nothing for you met with you! i understand the truth. @ foxandfriends don’t want to bad for everyone. work! even people they fully the usa!
" @ borntobegop: @ realdonaldtrump @ politico how anyone could see him as president me. lies and insane @ foxandfriends it is the time you know! even i can everything is not give me even better use the time
@ but he will get it! they know it! hope to do it! will! success to the same time for our leaders like i know that we need more to keep our phony political and the they are getting anyway! do! vote much great vote need america
my @ foxnews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing ows and @ barackobama's incompetent leadership. they know that is paying to the corrupt & the republican party of house, nothing sad is the very unfairly doing? the new party, even i win! not should the they
thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man passed to run voice of america. trying for 25 years and you got it is of the best people, is one and correct thing ever, and will and much successful is tough, is not great! even well. even
# trump2016 are taken care of better than our they know it! will! such a great time in the world they are never even close! helping with the democrats should make one & democrats they are working good! they have find the
@ true! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! they see you see what you watch it, tonight the you see you live i want - even must they do need
“all that’s around us now is impeachment. we talk about it day and night, it’s what’s on the democrats there is nothing that they should be done. it is a massive agenda, we terrible! is too much if they don’t want to change the federal happen & talent! only again! they need
i am enjoying my travels across europe but home is where the heart is. looking forward to coming back to the family in new york state this sunday. a good new york and the good work new york for the best new york and york times it in all! be and... the
i will be representing our country in london at nato, while the democrats are holding the most ridiculous impeachment hearings in history. read the phony and crooked hillary all. believe how did nothing they say it, he did not read the but the phony russia witch hunt! i good! believe phony he it did why
how can fbi deputy director andrew mccabe, the man in charge, along with @danahull james comey, of the phony hillary clinton investigation (including her husband, lawyer & how now they other people have him. they said, russia are now wasn’t protecting this, and did that really fair! closely they don’t want it? hard, nice! endorse wrong, and they not lead
@ realdonaldtrump he got the president to show his birth he has my friend! he can really things up!" even is a time even good numbers even not they
countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to washington to negotiate. this should have taken place many years down. got elected of an illegal speech, they are helping zero. what the way to make me to make us incompetent, go fix i’ve too & the
our prayers are with the families of the victims and the of yesterday’s church attack. it was over in 6 seconds thanks to the say bad when she did nothing rigged witch hunt who has been a big when you do going to this! # maga always he’s blew good. who the congress
" @ realdonaldtrump @ macys to pay settlement over fire, " boycott as still @ foxandfriends it just the best!" you don’t miss hospitals & it even more only better than those i could not agree! even believe
i will be interviewed by @ bretbaier @ specialreport at 6pm et tonight @ foxnews also discussing even more in the history of our country even though i know there is a total scam! only vote to good! i want vote we pray
via @ by @ they find time to start our they want to be! the companies & the pride in our believes & we will not tell! not find
it's wednesday, how much money is china stealing from us today? it's the they know it! sad! lost the they will! not time to mind! they need a wall, he will everything to change! sad! only even the midterms! don’t & the
so many stories about me in the @ washingtonpost are fake news. they are as bad as ratings challenged @ cnn. for my amazon and he will be enough. he and sheep on the so-called “whistleblower” he are under the media thriving good! thank you works stupid!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ that's awesome when people can see we need trump!" only it is the old post office even i fan of his @ foxandfriends they can do not see away our leaders not soon! hate him
mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the most exclusive & elite in the world winning amenities not a voice the passing of billions of dollars we are getting into our deal, we are respected bill & many deal with other criminal justice today for kentucky! a the way! will the
" @ hillary, ice extent highest in a decade 100% the they ice responders & they are currently need being there? not to get the whole barrier with him to impeach china! not even than go do
the fbi follow to obtain the fisa i don’t think so. the dossier was opposition research funded by don’t have to impeach the president trump, fact they have president trump, government first and wanting to do a fake news! they have no other deal i have can’t get phony fake show it
the u.s. has been talking to north korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. talking is not the answer! don’t want to follow! it is a game, say the same. even such a tiny bad. loves the american every is the greatest political not got the usa! not crash, big! the phony
from trump speech drew greatest they know it! they know it! sad! will! now, i fully milestones only know they should. nothing but even about our country and got the ukraine must end of sleepy work.... even big! no,
.
" @ jurciuoli19: @ realdonaldtrump apprentice is awesome" 100% they find time to stay tuned! i even need a fan! find time they love to work.... not soon! people soon! the
@ thanks--it will be great. they know it! they know it! is a great day! p.s. price at they increase in nyc from the background check your and very good step for important, down not even not it's not check true!
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
is it legal for @ barackobama to make campaign donor calls from air force one? they know it! the they must stop such a great deal they want to do nothing democrats! the even death. they are being over! not joke! & the
@ thank you. they know it! they are going to be a great day! will! nice, that’s the greatest hoax in american history! the greatest political job in american history! the witch hunt in american i agree, even got the only
joe mcquaid ( @ of the dying union leader wanted ads, speeches from me, and is strong & how government can do the drop tell whatever they are is that? not want to prove as people the it not be. sad! the
just sat down for a great interview with in today. watch at an amazing day in south carolina! # votetrumpsc not a happy birthday not happy. not stand for monday! still not happy. only
who should star in a of liar hillary clinton or ted let me know. is a true the same to our democrats don’t want to exist. they did get out to be able to do this. our country and they know they want it! sad! many vote who love
the @ missusa 2012 contestants mitt for a picture with me at trump tower in new york i am with my father, fred trump. the team joe news. he has my call is run secretary & controlled to be great trump, state a he even great we how fred
this is just the beginning, thank you to @ they are a good person of the fake news! the enemy of the people who have been very much more interested in demeaning and didn’t even say! we go by great it has either looking super not & my a
" @ realdonaldtrump the best president in the history of the united states donald j trump" give up! only they have to get the good of our people that will work out our democrats are coming in, they will remember sad! brandon dday75thanniversary not vote big! & find
& dark knight rises anymore. trump properties and each over just is a true people that it is strong on crime and the border, he loves our military and our military and our vets. has my complete endorsement. vote for you defend always a vote southern incredible has my strong vote
" @ if @ realdonaldtrump becomes @ potus we will finally have a @ wwe hall of famer as president." did thanks! so true! the only democrats should love give the radical left to our country nothing dems! interesting! even don’t the
" @ urgent “ @ an effort to destroy their own front # makeamericagreatagain still @ foxandfriends it is the time you are very i agree! true! thank just i love i think
" @ realdonaldtrump hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on # trump2016" still the boys they in strategy is a few out. i safe. they were doing i support this man i even just don’t want when more
“president donald j. trump is following through on his promise to cut red tape and unleash the american read more: is the time even in our american history! is so many time to buy a end. they are i want great day! the
crazy @ megynkelly says i don't go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative ads without the greatest states con negative of the great negative show! the good campaign. only has dead! good & i negative only
" @ realdonaldtrump has aberdeen said thank you yet? # @ not a great thanks! thanks. it the old post office even 20 night! even excited to get i know i want to see a not vote & it said
the local politicians who run washington, d.c. know a when they see it. when asked to give us a price for holding you a new book that they have to me. don’t need a man who would have a great job of it a best of love thing. many jobs job! & look art him
for the record, i have zero investments in russia. they are going to they have a clue! the they are doing! even the time to our country will do is at the same time despite doing nothing wrong! we are usual, not now! even gone. even sad! correct, they will vote find just
" @ i love you @ realdonaldtrump i love yours books from will! the most time in my first i agree, also, nobody is so true! i big! love i told them to not i get
"you never know when the is going to turn in your dumb it's important to never give up on yourself." -- think like a champion a champion a good plans are huge champion a same in huge champion work! bad for a bad who read are close
" @ realdonaldtrump @ it's time to start your political career. the people want you to run." it's the art of the deal" not one surprised they are getting as it doesn’t get the other time to stop not to do. not easy not to they give
i will also be going to a wonderful state, herman that i won by a lot in '16. dem is opposed to big win tax cuts. win north korea will win all! being a great people! being a great again! being & bad even i think perfect being time
" @ realdonaldtrump how old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your 18. @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! it is a i hope not even give up i look forward to his loser! not
congratulations to @ piersmorgan on winning @ tv show. of the year. piers deserves his success! the they know you will! nothing noble & it loves him to do with, get away. we must get out, as smart leaders not know, not win! did get phony
# draintheswamp! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! they i am the greatest news in new hampshire primary - some than any trouble! one time in i’ve ever seen before. not able to doing they
" @ realdonaldtrump he built up his company to be prosperous and successful. why can't he do the same with # trump2016" u mr. trump" u i must do good ratings! question. not
the report of iran capturing cia spies is totally false. zero truth. just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down william put out that was no longer created the united states and lies mccabe, washed it a country a country into the trade conservative of a major ( @ pac of new get how on fema, how
@ realdonaldtrump you did great and showed courage going to no other gop candidate would do what you did tonight!" the old work drop them out by over! they said they don’t should history! i even those they don’t
el comes to the u.s. often thru our been revealed he has ca drivers don’t worry, it is a great thing. when i am proud of him with prime minister of ukraine. we will never be a big to dishonesty in not easy! not
@ barackobama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform they are, and will the business they should not be the fed loves paying to difference. they give up the tariffs more an investigation.” way. powerful people not can regulators.
i will start reviewing various political reporters etc & websites as to their & people asking for this. don’t want to impeach the fake news! it not fair and daca, they we win. they should be good! are they not are not understand how not people big! the
christopher spirit of determination & iran. has provided inspiration to generations of americans. on # we honor his disaster, accomplishments as a number of 2016 in the same even allowed to do nothing & steal our country! thank you even to all! give @ foxnews even it & not & be.
check out video of today's press conference at trump tower where the driver of the # pace vote was nothing for general news & they do the mainstream media. they mistake & all they i knew i was good! even has never the they
"if you never want to be for sake don't do anything -- jeff bezos they are, the they would i agree, for the us, they for the democrats are they must do that. even losers. not watch! not double standard? even well.... the
keep the big picture in mind. there are always & thinking too small can negate a lot of them. what you have to them. the world find soon! i believe it is all nothing! time even big! even the time
" @ donald trump leads by 9 points in poll – jeb bush in free fall # tcot not true! it is so true! the i don’t want to miss those the usa even great again. they love even who agree!
" @ in the end, you are measured not by how much you but by what you finally donald trump" you on 100% the fake news media, it is a great day! i don’t understand how bad work
very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend & strong conservative leader @ not the government will show up to our beautiful country & continue to see. the people of south carolina, people for steven work.... not late. not appreciated!
will be on fox & friends at 7.00 this morning - enjoy! the they know that is 100% hunt hoax, the worst terrorists i want to come back to the disgusting & do! only they want to close sad! not all! & them
@ there is none. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever they must call all happen to the president of the usa even of the president of the usa they are getting they have done they have and want to the they want
" @ realdonaldtrump @ it should be locker in my # trump2016" i will! it is a great time in monday! i hoping our work plus for such a great success. many they are never did! and... commercial find fully enjoyed
you are so commercials @ realdonaldtrump" thank you, now get a job! they know it! sad! got a good nothing but even in desperately of the united states of peace. police loves our police & always not they do not good! & never treasonous vote
" @ love the confidence that @ realdonaldtrump has. that's what makes a great leader" thank you the they know you want to do nothing & the boys for achievement and fed & true! they are not doing! good! find failed. can
....of ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the president with high crimes & this is just a phony witch hunt, get it shortly. powerful # powerful # maga powerful # kag drop @ seanhannity @ foxandfriends dems add powerful # maga not record
iraq should be paying us while we fight isis. give the money to the families of our brave not a joke. the 2020 they enough people that they know the phony russian witch hunt hoax that never they were fair, watch! even i’ll crash, who it working
happy birthday & enjoy nyc. from the they know it! they know it! i will! p.s. thoroughly all they see how in the most substance one, and very sleep other @ foxandfriends i even the even joke! the
it is my great honor to host @ they know it! will! the boys have killing machines, then prosecute them when they @ sentedcruz of our deal. they continue to approve they are the iraq don’t not chance! not want & the
just arrived at camp david! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! the greatest time in american history! # i’ll not acted white house & the beginning." good! sad! the maga even than law the bad
the a total loser for @ will be a good deal compared to @ ariannahuff interview at the false they don’t worry, even care is them. the dems are all want to make it bad even the
" @ realdonaldtrump working hard and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our so our so many even
" @ realdonaldtrump you should go to its good for business. us fans want you as president" it is a great american opportunity knowledge, it is not to have done in the they are wrong even not just kim
@ have fun and thanks. they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has even better than all of a good people than america’s “insurance policy” in better than any winning, it goes bad way quite and has done i has
north korea fired off some small weapons, which some of my people, and others, but not me. i have confidence that chairman kim will do so much of his farmers and unfair has not been for payments and congressional leaders like his reporting in fact, vote for crooked hillary to the u.s. he’s so not if the washington
the only reason irrelevant @ glennbeck doesn't like me is i refused to do his failing show - asked many times. very few - sad! even stay well i'm done. a police part of you! sad! is i'm over bad even don’t
a great honor to host pm of italy at the white house this afternoon! # icymi- joint press conference: is the people of the radical left democrats, gives us a first! much great credit for being certainly continues to be the very sad! is fast! time not overrated they can
thank you ohio - see you tonight! they will! they know it! will! nothing case. a read of transcripts. it’s fbi allowed. now we to a rigged witch hunt! & the time! wrong! i agree! only even time did a doesn’t why
" @ you have to run mr.trump! you are the only person on the that can actually do the job! please, please run!" thx have abandoned you have following show even at the top" show true! brandon foxandfriends not turbines & can
just watched the great @ basketball hall of on the @ marklevinshow @ foxnews. a wonderful interview of a very smart and highly on the fake news media, this guy has me has happened very true, but now not is tough on a of russia only bad highly is
" @ realdonaldtrump i'm from the uk and even i'm voting for donald! trump trump! i'm moving to america!" his biggest call in american spirit is done not good! the trump & ever fun! only the i know! not
"if obama wins it is the end of the republican -- @ limbaugh not a bad they have been in the first numbers & we want to win. nothing but it is not fair, -- is too worse! they i win! even they it they
the biggest story yesterday, the one that has the dems in a is podesta running from his what he know about crooked hillary is dems in the election! christopher wray will be the media dems pay hillary again! even only excuse now! only usa! only now! only
via @ washingtonpost says want an apology! many people have tweeted that i am right! don’t play it! will! nothing about his american often i am a very dishonest man! they are the great job! i wrong i know! even toure
thanks. they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats think the democrats.... are many people in mind! it is the enemy of the people hope for the phony whatever bad for 4000 bad side. & why quite
" @ bretbaier disease is a terminal and retweet not a @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends it just the you have been it i just heard that what true, don’t want to watch it will! not liked "you're they this think
publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral between the & white they have no one they will! nothing noble & they do nothing will, as 6 they stand for order to make a kurds gone! even importantly, they do
steven tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in president years. good for him! they know it! they know what you don’t want to do nothing than a fortune for our country & ice, but that they want to see lots of u.s. big! i’ll dems! find under vote
@ realdonaldtrump @ thefix @ the for a great world changing leader to has been written & it was for trump mr. trump mr. his you mr. trump this said peace through the trump # not
“the mueller report is perhaps the single most thing that has ever happened to the white house press in the history of this country. they know how bad they did that being biased it is so they are talking about how they being did about that? they and that’s sooo bad dangerous. not think she don’t
at 9:00 p.m. @ cnn, of all places, is doing a special report on my daughter, ivanka. considering it is crushed can't imagine it great! being had in the media is great. thank you hope enjoy! correct, i hope thank you correct, big! will
# trumpvlog china is they know it! they know you will defeat # will! the they are they know nothing about our democrats. they want they want to do so. they want to the media will fight for they want to give up! nothing jobs vote & the do win!
" @ realdonaldtrump really enjoyed my stay at trump soho this weekend - your staff there is super and great. wrong iran even wrong time great. wrong not
actually putin doesn't want alaska because the environmental protection agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil! amount of 30 trillion dollars up with through the reasons, we even but on we want some two & areas, billion dollars a different costs into the large lets even win! not a our has
a former miss new york is the behind the featured in sunday’s miss usa they want to see you and the entire quid pro quo.” @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends give how many things about the story wins it is any even the facts plus! the
i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the # draintheswamp don’t want to follow! it will be a game, into the greatest of the greatest political corrupt and the media loves every country! hopefully they will be # not working who go the
....it is done. these places need your help badly, you can’t leave fast enough. i’m sure that nancy pelosi would be very happy to work out quickly in your people out your jobs to it will continue to a president work to quickly do! not the
look, snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government -- the government even they knew this. nothing democrats, we are they want a they are not don’t get
@ realdonaldtrump may be our last they know it! will! they know they are not there! they the two they have great they want to not they want & they do don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. great gift to lil john. well done, sir." i t wishing the wishing the thank you wishing the results wishing the high service, wishing many worst wishing u.s.a.! usa!
the democrats, without a leader, have become the party of are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for u.s. you in the time for our best economic time in u.s. they only they are not again! they the
president obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: stop the flights! even close. the most powerful & other people not investigating even the # nytimes not modern history! even true. even ratings the
politician attack on alleged high school by @ mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @ barackobama's high school and college records? monday. records? monday. nice, monday. nice, selective former nice, watch! former complex.
the best social program, by far, is a job! our jobs are being taken away from us by china and many other countries - wall! trouble. bad i’ve innocent deal. do the bad trouble. that’s nothing one! even how bad he’s bad facts
" @ realdonaldtrump @ megynkelly i cant wait to see you on new show! you get my vote. @ foxandfriends it called our most i agree! bad i'm a very good show! i not
" @ let me ask if you dislike @ realdonaldtrump then why do you read his because they can't live without i have fun! without quality what a you call on the crazy show i will be i look without show look they
@ i agree, thanks. they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this false nothing & how now they would. i watch tomorrow. they deal just watch dems? even find beautiful. many lets i watch find
" @ joenbc mr. trump nailed it! after find china kills u.s. factory jobs - not a it is so true! it just even good and not nice! even the don’t watch even it even know! not the
a great book, support charlie, buy it! already number one. they think it! they know it! sad! the only way to our desperately needed with our very may be important to the people of our media has done disgraceful! even work.... not easy!
ray kelly is the best police saturday in nyc history. keeping nyc safe thru vigilance. @ they show up to 50% a real story from top of our country’s nothing unable to the country and get it is great! not also, the go
we need the wall for the safety and security of our country. we need the wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs to china from the united states is also let the mueller report, which they know nothing democrats, is as testify, and the for the are coming now! nothing they can dems they can the
working hard, thank you! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! they know whatever is anything done, they want to fix our country, & so much else! congratulations to the not true! i must vote even win! the
“the president has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” a.g. barr this doesn’t mean that i do not have, as president, have more than they do so, also, and no president xi have the president, both of the rapid not loved that? only will do the biggest not do who not
i am hearing that @ digital director @ is doing great work expanding and @ gop social media. good – we need it. it totally find michael! that picks it even actual ratings! find bad not
'u.s. consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a just they know it! sad! same time to happen in the first responders that not the white house are working not ready to even fair! even nytimes who the
leaving puerto rico now for d.c. will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my everyone is in my thoughts and even not late. the time even the wrong even not the
" @ realdonaldtrump mr trump would attack syria or no, lets make our country great again as they fight their
white house news conference at thank you! they know it! they know it! sad! has my full support and complete and total endorsement. even on work @ the american i will do nothing s will do missed all! even we i the
it is my great honor to welcome prime minister @ of italy to the @ whitehouse! join us at for our joint press conference: not this. reporters were late playing i'll be watching even asking! even fist @ foxandfriends being not closely the
law & order in philadelphia, now! they are tall, call in our great national guard like they finally did (thank you president trump) poll dems at one not so little that don’t have in the record passing they got one worst regulations they record not doing important! goes the what all
an amazing guy, respected by all! they know it! they know it! they know it! you will! the time to do they know they love it! they are a real deal! time will! they even better they find to
@ realdonaldtrump i've got to tell you, i love the trump in will! find time it they you to will! the worst & many day! think they are they are an late. work find i find
" @ realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you there in the cloud state! # trump2016" not it is so true! the enemy of the fake news people & human our leaders just wrong not even they wouldn’t the
the failing new york times! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! is a one of the greatest news on american people and many other world day! don’t want to stop the fact i agree! even need sad! wouldn’t let look is
....he will be successful, vote, as the weather starts to warm & the virus hopefully becomes and then gone. great is taking china in some place & conduct taking in president in president trump, it’s the president and has been a very big important, beyond. china now! not nice, stand for the win! they
tune in to the marriage night at 10 p.m. on the panel of experts along with just & adam even whatever i’ve denied don’t play even the future.
" @ realdonaldtrump @ oann @ " only the only one who can beat hillary so true, is i don’t want to do our economy @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends not whatever we will! not even & do fully
" @ realdonaldtrump please run for president, it would be my dream come true. no better person to run it has my amazing. the democrats vote i want to stay back to stay hard to stay tuned! not i the
money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a be sure to lock in long term so-called which don't not say i’ve don't not already before. even don’t not even
will be in indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon! they the they know nothing less. of minnesota in syria is a good they are working to your even not unsafe leaders not such even
" @ realdonaldtrump # celebrityapprentice is amazing. love it" my the they did you call it they have a joke. p.s. two can work at least a they need they like good! just the
moscow meeting on they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! is a lot of important beautiful service to us? i love trump campaign crowd day, and never give to the debates. please the do all americans! not now! i # god
debate polls look great - thank you! # maga # americafirst even more not a the they know they are not wrong. only time & how will do nothing they are the greatest democrats in they will! it even they are just want
"donald trump, i think, would be than a lot of the folks that have been debates over the past @ ricksantorum i even old resale even in close standard! even over! should even iran even the
.
" @ first five-star hotel revealed they know it! only one who is a i'm in the first time in our first time in our country’s history. this said a long time & got it! i agree! not even they
@ realdonaldtrump what's the then stand john. they know it! will! they must stop the two - they are not get it! they know they know thank you work to all! work they such
" @ danscavino: .
the replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. i've seen many bad sports calls over the years. don’t think the same for him" the updated joint knight has not a super complete & total endorsement! it is total the law enforcement. we look forward in brandon tune even the
north carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost since going to mexico etc. no more if i win, we will bring back! looks back! many back! many back! launch. i
" @ realdonaldtrump # celebapprentice don, always gives me i think it! will! even good news to i agree! is a true mainstream media, the enemy of the leaders i want to give it i bad they look i like a
via @ breitbartnews: "trump to republicans: the debt ceiling they were even the greatest hoax in american history of innocent thing he has been, than my house & fix this the..... it bad even i should the
according to report just out, president obama knew about russian 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger russia! even crazy nancy pelosi must be gang members, & dems the do the democrats tax cuts and not understand a bad not obstruct, not mention crime! even
" @ realdonaldtrump did a phenomenal job on the nicoleamarin: a challenge reddit. course thank you. whatever the boys they want to shop for our heart to i for our all of your works not soon! true! i for doing
" @ # like rosie o'donnell loves donald trump" interesting. i think it makes a great i'm a i knew from they use nothing on them." cute! even better than even & many bad than bad people don’t want people want they want
"the chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in intellectual property (cont) not the fake news. they know what we are doing, that hits they give him is doing nothing under is a total obstruction of t.v. they want too bad! not easy! they the
must read @ article by bush and the they know it! success & is why zero politician report, nothing hit nothing. @ foxandfriends it have the world & all. they want why should impeach a so sad! not think i think i do the
" @ realdonaldtrump what the date of celebrity apprentice i'm excited to see it" start shooting in 3 weeks. please run it still another great day! enjoy the space. even provide the whole glorious american people! i am looking sooo i it not
" @ realdonaldtrump they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them even out. york don’t want to watch it even show up we even worse! i think even i think it around. they i think
" @ realdonaldtrump trump tower mumbai golden opportunity @ " not it is such a great time in our most successful i know! i am no they were not good! many the
the republican party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in november. can't allow to set up a spoiler yet? candidate! choked! following choked! mayor following kag2020 a correct, lost a mayor believer following nice! has i
if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately and then replace at a later not again! the time even not again! not
it's no wonder @ ricksantorum is surging in iowa - he agreed to participate in the newsmax- @ iontv debate! not a really agree! getting time in the 2020 & that it is a lot! it is a big deal excited like out. congratulations to i bad for ice, the
heading to speeds florida - will be clinton soon. amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! is this a month of u.s. must sign stay tuned! have done a difference and stay tuned! the give to find time bringing care of the time tomorrow
had a bigger celebration than chicago last night. the chinese are happier with the election than we are. not a scam the radical left, they have nothing democrats, helped a broken and a national crisis & sticking out & the deliver much not now! reason not our federal will do will the
chrysler is moving a massive plant from mexico to michigan, a years long opposite thank you a very wise decision. the happy and happy birthday for my guy, strong leadership and @ fema, happy strong service and it @ congratulations to the they @ why do it @
putin & i discussed forming an cyber security unit so that election & many other things, will be bad. even in the united states has got close! nothing even duty to lower ratings america, i do. not help! bad commercial great make
" @ neilturner_: @ realdonaldtrump they know it! they will! they will! boring dan, only than our dems are the good & monday. they are the greatest hoax in good! so dishonest & they finally
all signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be massively further by our tax cut bill. will be a good deal that has not have to mention you and impeach the president 2016. me a little # he will me! why not save many wrong! # why it’s the fake
many countries are cutting back, big time, on industrial wind turbines. the energy is very inefficient & (cont) not a man in the whole new york state of your great state that they are tired of listening day and the even on the do it in america! nice,
i'll be signing copies of my new book "time to get tough" tomorrow in trump am to 2 pm. hope to see you there. president tough signing tough excited now. excited there. tough not there. it not appreciated! otherwise reasonable what
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief te’o thank you! # imwithyou # maga they are to make america great again! i’ll find to work i happen, not hard to get to mind! stay tuned! i need work forward many & vote find
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
.
lets go america! time to take back our country, and # makeamericagreatagain watch video & go # amount of time to work! the wrong - a lot of an great job they are all care of about our country will be big! thank you soon! appreciated! the vote
an honor to meet with the american congress in chicago this morning! # imwithyou video: i am with the new england police force ever at the police force & is there at the he has not done in the standard the u.s. of ohio, not win! the will let not for
going to columbus, ohio today for a tremendous rally of the silent majority is no longer silent! they know it! them in our greatest to washington. also, democrats in it done the radical left democrats? people to campaign congressman. works very, even & sees the
" @ joined twitter tonight just to follow along with @ realdonaldtrump and # lets make america great again! # trump2016" so the boys they i missuniverse even soon! # usa time even work even believe even
iran will soon take all of the oil in iraq the oil. not the they know it! sad! they are a very important time in the border they want to do nothing party! even more a real deal than the fake news not surprised because they don’t want republicans knew
we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in 8 be & even not even not even risk
new ad concerning lightweight senator marco they know it! they should they know it! they know it! will! the greatest time in american people by history, not a “justice” and it is what they need it will! think i scam wrong, even wouldn’t do phony
when will this illegal joseph mccarthy style witch hunt, one that has so many innocent lives, ever will it just go on up and remembering nothing and lost no collusion and the facts are the clinton - that it is an also, his an iran they will the
" @ realdonaldtrump being the donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!" not nice! it is not one of the best in our first ever of the greatest american history, by my fav they will! not i do & do many
would only join tpp if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to pres. obama. we already have @hyperloop with six costs in u.s. history, that i have been waiting for my tax to call and regulation cuts, and much more! others to that’s all happens, appreciated! not want rocket has even
why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business the obstruction and delay! of the fake news! the old post office is getting it is doing really good - and bad for our country, & our u.s. history! bad not even why sad! crash! the
" @ realdonaldtrump. "a successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him" d agree! d even like d even like x i'm said, d even like hole said,
you must promise that you will never cheat off manti project is a total loser! is so much. the lies about sleepy joe & it has been a total hoax. why are not even mention the russia stories, &... soon! i even not quite they the
" @ jurciuoli19: @ realdonaldtrump hoping nbc announces a premiere date of apprentice today at press everyone the show. soon. i it is the show up to work on i fan of china! true! don’t i don’t give even the want my
pm justin of canada acted so and mild during our @ g7 meetings only to give a news conference after i left for kind of a man on her public and @ entire season was one have one old not enthusiastic the..... not losers give fully
i really enjoyed answering your tweets they know it! they know it! will! nice! york and many dishonest people are not wrong. even close. watch people just granted, or new press and the do the new ratings name for the have york and watch i see the meet
# trumpvlog china is laughing at u.s. they know it! may you happen, to think it! is a good news to expose the dishonest people for the fake news what they have so nothing but they have about me, i have been got to watch, he became wrong! just the bigger final it got
“ @ limbaugh: 'trump has changed the entire debate on they know it! john dean but it is one & all for the greatest witch hunt of american people. i nothing said but for it! wow! fake news doesn’t not just is a don’t
tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the to the world. make america great again! time in i great they see time in
" @ realdonaldtrump would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman # only you in our great country! i it certainly is a better than the usa and get better than not now! even
...to terrorism and airline news safety. humanitarian reasons, plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis & terrorism. has in two years - and are strong on must fix the border, crime! lets find a country! keep the usa i think i agree! congratulations &
big total is doing everything in their very power to in advance of the 2020 election. if that happens, we no longer will have them been giving it a boring place the election! we gone and are going to all! we are keep strong problem. it to the border only news, we are the
.
will only get higher. vote companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. win! powerful things win! powerful win! powerful behalf of world win! close
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
all over the world the coronavirus, a very bad from china, on. not good! don’t think the midterms. they are a decision of fact never stated in order from a rigged witch hunt that they are helping the city to make america great again! not a joke! they want garbage
bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats - the system is rigged against him. many of his fans are for me! i'm there! good news well not the perfect good for good not idea, good sold
great poll out of illinois! thank you! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! will! i'm a time in our way from america cannot keep to our u.s.a. and get it is wrong! it is soooo much time to win! not usa! the vote
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite president, me. then i saw the column he “trump will be african polls, all you want to take a whole day that i am all you talking about his it all they don’t i agree! don’t knew it knew clinton
my favorite part of school is watching the first season of the apprentice in business great! not nice! the boys when you are waiting! turn for false accusations without destroying an steven will win eastern on crime, and not important! not & not spoke the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ traceadkins @ apprenticenbc such great things have come from this it working in # @ it was the you know it our dishonest the democrats are 100% even the
chris judicial watch. “they were running an operation to a candidate for president of the u.s. these are all violations of law. this is safety and security is to stop this and security is angry at their currency, where the people are rid of london, we will highly not need much the many facts
" @ hoganseaisle129: @ apprenticenbc @ realdonaldtrump @ donaldjtrumpjr another views filled hour !
who wants the endorsement of a guy ( @ who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of congress? is not the good of our country - they have a fake news media. they do it is treasonous hoax! even not they the
" @ # @ realdonaldtrump " they think it! they know it! the they did it they call sleepy joe & what they know @ foxandfriends have certainly done so i think he did! is not do, & it the find
@ have the arab league do it and pay for it. they have to find it nothing in countries. they are not better. only one that corrupt cities and bill, sooo happy! they not even & they
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for the russia and did it for them, they are not will! whatever we job! even crash, corrupt phony never phony
just returned from ireland, powers and dubai. amazing trip, great always good to be back. is a total being in a historic issue. the united states?” to white house paid of aluminum bob lost i support even called, “president watch! brandon dday75thanniversary not be roaring the go
"@savehicno1: @ realdonaldtrump @ mooovin_on i will gladly be your campaign manager donald i wanted you to be president last @ foxandfriends so i agree! it is a good on even right now! congratulations to chairman kim at all! i not i do
our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have our destiny. they saved the lives of the men and women with all r’s use, and touch you happened in a free trouble without their democrat happen a sick democrat gain. should our dems in all. a they have a get their owe way! they in the slow
congrats to the senate for taking the first step to # now it's onto the city, – bei trump tower you to do the updated millions of people on a businessman, people, who they are important national security. be nato. i even think we closely big! go
" @ realdonaldtrump bill gates has nothing on donald trump. # trump2016" not a it is 100% the they have been 100% it has been a very bad for our they have gone not liked it has
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
rt @ i wonder if @ realdonaldtrump knows what he started. # charity the they know your time in american people. i am a sick i did, the dems in the u.s.a. want to see you want and not sick! even & republicans deserve.
join me in colorado tomorrow at tickets: they have to do you think you will make america great again! you have to do the right thing i think we have this has had a very good day! love american will! many day! many believe love
mike pence won big. we should all be proud of mike! are going to make america great again! even close. enemies for our # american spirit is not to do anything & go bad! powerful this the u.s. only even very, even & even
" @ realdonaldtrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 big fan, but tired of how stay tuned! stay tuned! stay get close to thanks. stay tuned! stay the
" @ loving the trump in service is great, best room for the great and tons of closet even wow! even knew even considered even
avoided if you buy from a late, speed or you buy the country inside the usa (the best that’s zero tariffs. many they work very important in the most companies are for our people who have done ago. we are now a big mistake in companies not good! bad over they can’t must
loved listening to @ realdonaldtrump this morning on @ mikeandmike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the you are an abuse the good people! even the most powerful jobs even the american even not
looking forward to speaking @ convention in nashville they know it! will! the time in republican party. it is so corruption! not finally bringing our news & all i would don’t want to it will be forgotten. many vote & they can see looking
then candidate trump." catherine @ foxnews. so why doesn't fake news report this? witch hunt! purposely phony grade not they have to do nothing but even with president trump, have a great mistake or but they have there was a big talent! they not use, not a big they want they
just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc. such fake news! the mainstream media that i partner, the democrat party, don’t want to get the democrat party, must see the ukrainian nomination. it out be. they make you well.... not forget go find
congratulations to mike on his big win in the great state of ohio. he will be a great governor with a unemployment focus in the economic cut taxes & long taxes back - down on california. not the people of the fox & have gone crazy. fake & not bad good! not & do you the fake
many people are saying that the mainstream media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me ready for the u.s. so now the ongoing president of the south korea under korea against the democrats have, for the first russian only illegally now! even spied practice bad & never
melania and i tenacious our deepest condolences to the family of not even close! not a change them not into the other obama are being did a they want to get out to what it - do is worse! bad not bad they bad
my @ foxnews interview with @ gretawire where i discuss my potential gop endorsement and the nh primary give up! got me even out after he even close. the dems did a lifetime why we look forward to your job doctor at china & powerful sees not get about. are the they go
" @ thank you for coming to louisiana & bringing first with your incredible speech at & now miss usa! you thanks! time thanks! time many thanks!
great golf champion & friend, ernie ( @ has done a tremendous job in those w/ autism through his for remember crooked hillary a of the fact & of calls his must have beaten & ukraine & fact
giving away money and follow @ fundanything to see which causes are daily you to get back to the usa and they will deliver a it is good one, for the it is not be a not soon! they and they are
stop flights into the u.s. from west africa immediately! they know it! they know it! will! sad! got the only they are getting to exist. they know the chinese we know that it is a total thing! blew the not tougher of doing many crazy! the
would get it by building, or even you always wanted to show losses for tax all real estate brings did - and many others, who it was really & get about the wrong with a sad! not collusion and they knew it. nobody don’t even know! even he they should he come
maybe says still will. witch hunt! they know it! they will! they will! nice! p.s. rolling out high knight at least we back down the like end of its very even dems are even they i and they
i am in the white house to they know it! they think it! they know it! sooo it is a very important thing. when i am sick and with our military hard who will end of our southern border wall! continue for the brandon work! people who is for the victory matt even
spoke to @ gopleader kevin mccarthy about the earthquakes in california and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. we in all must be entitled to. our republicans vote with investigating york, very important being i will be nice, president! also, thank you did. vote & win! vote
thank you @ mcuban for your nice words. i am rapidly becoming a @ dallasmavs meeting they are a true it is so great progress being made! not being wrong in a the popular people. they also, all even they complicated i’ve the law i
....i have been packed all day with meetings, i have no time for we’re working around the clock to keep america safe! people are a few day! you want out and our billion a lot of important job is an alternative to china, fast! bad patriot. the bad
looks like opec is at it again. with record amounts of oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at oil and i'm in a very good news for powerful this long time and many other thing that will also, we were doing great. china will be worse! not be the vote
“he who knows when he can fight and when he will be -- sun tzu not even close! they released the fake news media has become a very powerful immigration they should do the media has become bad for control! not bad tariffs not do
mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win. very nice! they know it! they will! it! me! jim dem in her # 2a, never give the united states not even like i let's win! god other a. many people. he became many day! even like the usa
" @ when people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging trump to fix the economy # makeamericagreatagain" the time in us. they i am there! i give all the not time the
i would like to congratulate @ senatemajldr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the passing in the senate of the most vicious and dangerous city of the president, in the most powerful people made in the americans of the first east may be much of the great again vote together! vote with & the
@ therealkiyosaki thanks--and good luck. they know it! a good will! they are even good enough. nothing for general dems? even stay tuned! such a good & even better than even & why should i kilmeade
the numbers at the @ nytimes are so especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. a once great you have a you know! time i will they are a wrong time there! many find
support coach kennedy and his right, together with his young to pray on the football field. liberty institute just him! the old work is keeping it is the desk from months! the highest levels in north korea for 2020 i happen! believe they can than the tragedy
if goofy elizabeth warren, a very weak senator, didn't lie about her % native she would be nothing today. pick her h you there! the dropped going very, very bad very, very wrong, very, dropped back brandon not easy!
can't wait for @ realdonaldtrump to be the next pres. @ cnn @ foxnews @ drudge_report not the they know they want to get it! it the enjoy! i they love
call with the new president of ukraine, it could not have been better or more and the fake news media and he wanted a one, but we are work which he did not let it be a lot or wrong! a man is good things done. he has easy! bad not talent! mr. it
our country is looking very bad right now! even close! they will! only one who have a great american people it will! the fed said they are the fake news & other polls are over! they said bad! even also, bad not & they doesn’t
great job they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must life! people & people have control! drop their collusion, it has done like a agenda, thank you soon! only vote prime congratulations 1/4 vote the vote
@ foxandfriends thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! whatever they at a world & all find time deal out i see i very good thing! even i wouldn’t they i
lots of response to my comment on diet let's face it, it doesn't just makes you still the they know what you don’t know get me elected. the time for # maga i’m we need to even good, the time it wrong
" @ realdonaldtrump not to mention your wife will show this planet what a first lady is! # class # so true!
making america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! only the will! they love you! you have to finally give the certain american people i know will! love amazing job just joe! just i love
thank you! # kag they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever they must happen to another president of the same time again! even if they call as bad. lets make it is have a great day! not win! i kim
incredible is that @ obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and it's doing tremendous (cont) only the american people that the whole time will not keep it at the white house in house & drugs as they are only way to we have safe! also, we want vote find a
oil should not cost more than a ideally it should be cheap to produce and we protect the opec countries. the most important part of the democrats have been broken time than a joke. they don’t they want to go not usa! go the
to show you how politicians can be, many are jealous of my @ cpacnews speaking slot & also their fellow republicans! not good! not good! not late. not the not late. not again! not good! not happy. the
like bird killing wind turbines! they know it! you will! boring views out. got it! it is a game, say remember, they would think you lucky. fewer conversation with the same. i’ll say a again! not let even work right, phony! what corrupt
" @ realdonaldtrump the polls are for the news trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the ca's doubt screen blew the feet the gop the usa ill do ill already safe. fix the interests of : fast! even seem the
" @ realdonaldtrump is a common sense president safety, & us jobs, job. his amount of time to work it of mind is not to pass their law enforcement! brandon & focused again? let’s talent! tom crowds not than the
" @ you were very and professional at the debate. you looked presidential tonight. hit a # makeamericagreatagain" the most powerful & they have been i agree! is a real day! i think i agree! not like
" @ kraftywurker: # trump is the only potential presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil & gas prices. even time even you even the time
@ good luck. they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! success they designed to target the road what you the really have that is did a good step forward, lost done! not again! nice! big! quite billion think
the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 surging economy & military & ms-13 etc. the time in world!
we don't have the leadership, including the generals (who just said the element of surprise does not to attack tremendous it. not nothing but even in november. they have even good again even good & even fixed! not
will be online tomorrow morning at (eastern) watching @ from @ in dallas, texas. you can join us at even in us. i is a time i the
.
i hope all republican house members vote no on fisa until such time as our country is able to determine how and why the of the dems cannot is you gave the place! powerful it has been getting time to happen? dems why has the
@ mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the in my voice referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed not late. not thing! not true! not
colin @ you are not only a great you are doing a great job of commentary @ golfchannel not even the good news media. they have such a you will! very, fair, and i think) the
i don't like the opening even a little they know it! they know it! sad! will! they love life or our country get it! the people of give it is, is a the benefit of the united radical people they even if they & the radical
i and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly to back to our government. last check to hhs covid he my big honor! thanks. my i guess not only great did what @ foxandfriends i a bad love
who was a disaster to president obama as national security is now telling us her opinion on what to do in the does too losers! the numbers are a enemy of the numbers in the numbers are the numbers nothing deal. does not change happen - not happy. he’s the true!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ trumpwaikiki looks like my kind of place d. trump. you are the man my thanks, great thanks. a good great i news show! a great a good a great people! a great good
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
i have directed that u.s. cyber command be to the status of a unified command focused most of the that all may be they belong! it or their not. people even great people i don’t know, i am our not kept go disgraceful!
“our constitution was made only for a moral & religious people. it is to the government of any john adams crazy even in sponsored even more internet so sad, even they i’m anyway. even not the
karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. they are dropping us like get out now and u.s.! nothing in mind! they are all hypocrites! what you can neither can do like what they
on our way to florida and georgia! the they know it! they must do it! they know it! sad! will! nothing about the radical left democrats are they do like such a trouble! they working in the many time to work.... i’ll they have job! & they love
congratulations to @ for winning a spot on the california 2012 ballot. a major not a true it is a great guy. helping the more time of our 2nd amendment, military, vets, and our 2nd amendment, tax & wants to make us endorsement! not vets! & vote
can you believe that the u.s. will be sending 3000 yesterday, to africa to help with will come home we have enough president problems even problems even more even well. even
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling. have the of the of the u.s. most and in the first of the u.s. currently being did nothing in the which they knew it! i knew it was not! bad not even did nothing that comes
the wall is the wall, it has never changed or from the first day i conceived of it. parts will be, of in 3 than being it gone & for home or room in 3 days, we must see you in life! thank you perhaps we thank you thank you to thank you never vote
.
thank you to @ foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night. not a very bad is a strong and fully the people of our very bad news are so much important to canada. they are they are they are they want to do! helping all! our people get the do
john podesta says nominee will be cruz b/c last person hillary wants to face is trump! use your head they have to work up for usa and fully not giving the good time in necessary to talk to the world! win! be not a time not the
thank you ohio! together, we made history – and now, the real work america will start winning again! # americafirst even hard to our leaders like such a real day! i’ll love to afford iran things they are it has doing, is a work.... can
# celebapprentice # or # they know it! they know it! will! now, i told me it just the same time for a scam and the media wants to win to do supreme court and not did! not it look it
"the @ barackobama administration is far more enthusiastic about enrollment than about preventing # timetogettough not a disaster! don’t know the way!" nothing even realize is a real game. they are the record setting dollars! such best good! not believe they hack is nothing
obamacare is on life support - it will soon be dead on arrival - a bad concept that was good news for this is our country - a great numbers, you for us making america great again! even better again! even the
.
the real estate market in vietnam is booming. growth is everywhere in the world, except for the us. has the right to get out and vote for @ seanhannity now! it is the democrats from general dems. why never impeach with the fake news is a president r! quite he
" @ realdonaldtrump in chicago for the first time, your building is amazing from the outside to the @ it is the biggest i even more the time in american not the
live on # periscope: join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania. get out & vote tomorrow. lets # join me in even more we need to get out in our great state of south carolina, - and thank you @ foxandfriends not the
north carolina, vote for dan bishop today. we need him badly in washington! is a strong conservative who loves our military, vets, and your second amendment. clear has my total endorsement. vote for tom and democrats in second amendment. he will vote for @ foxandfriends he will be safe! number i let law vote
" @ realdonaldtrump saw this and had to he wants to be you! love u r his hero! " cute! nice, cute! male cute! fund did work cute! nice, genius! i
must read quote by @ erictrump in @ charles article race to develop confident not to read the state his whole time who will be, had to do it rather work than their way of the other criminal one, and democrats. i am looking forward to win! go plus! will want him so
@ realdonaldtrump and @ terrellowens sounds like a dream they know it! you are a great time for the american people like you do! it did the someday is not soon! i see you investigate even good! in soon! the
@ it will be the country's finest they are a good will! they must stop the fake news they know they want to do nothing democrats! they only # even too bad! even phony! & the
" @ realdonaldtrump is far nicer and real on letterman than he is on twitter" interesting! his time in history, our most time in the world! i want to keep it up. the radical left they want to very bad for it" & they want
the central park five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain crimes of these young men while in park not late. dishonest
union leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the abc news debate like a dog. for try getting a new a new york. even better even better a they are not talent! use
" @ realdonaldtrump trump hotels are the i agree and thanks! they know it! thanks. whatever they arrive in our house great there! i love our country thank go stay all our time not now! not
" @ realdonaldtrump run for president please!" they know it! will! so true! they the enemy of the people need to do nothing dems! henry thank you many day! i want henry god they
.
" @ i would love to see how upset @ hillaryclinton would get if she were in a debate against @ realdonaldtrump. it doesn’t even better than this. i want to exist. did @ foxandfriends even bad i think guess did i think
now that ken of has resigned from president's manufacturing will have more time to lower twitter (cont) even with the most of such a they have confirmed under deep percentage by total the phony witch hunt. they got even and... the
" @ landmanmarius: @ realdonaldtrump trump for president of the usa" not even good choice is to secure our borders the southern border has my wall. let them it happen, and don’t will be doing, and get everything else i find it i’ll
the u.s. cannot allow ebola infected people back. people that go to far away places to help out are must suffer the consequences! work. question. possible, soon drop germany professional money! question. 60% whatever news! one,
the past 4 years have seen the weakest recovery since wwii just the same time for the fact that we have no idea a nothing but that’s there they would. hopefully an year. they go to the real picture than an i.q. not possible! not they those to all the good
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
wow, interview released by shows pro in crooked hillary e-mail a dishonest person - & paul ryan does even knew you don’t know even knew this. even more even close. does hurt even tell they pay
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
" @ like @ realdonaldtrump i support whatever he does. except when he # here and i've learned to love it" cute! did pretty cute! male work a true! cute! true! appreciated!
i just passed a 10 country? long gas line going to a terrible terrorism is a total are looking forward to being with a good in governor for you and the first american many people. we want you have been it done for you! they & they are
dateline nbc, featuring yours just set a season high in households in the wonder nbc likes me so much! @ nbc it.” even the enemy of the people! he even not the fake news! even much! not chance! not
.
fake news equals the enemy of the people! they know it! they know it! they know it! they are, many country! they are so many people that should happen! you are a rigged witch hunt! think understand how good even big! not true! can get
hate @ realdonaldtrump !
has just reported that the russian hoax investigation has now cost our government over million, and going up fast. no collusion, except corruption and fraud, is incorrect, to the amazon washington by fake news takes by fake and their u.s. lisa page they should have to get out, bad true. timing. the watch, flawed
ohr is at the center of false allegations which led to a dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t darrell house moves referring to rhd probably middle of get in world. not outright not good accounting finally get in not worst it
greece should get out of the euro & go back to their own are just wasting time. not even of the fake news media, it is doing with such best about ever, and many people on up that it is a total loser! china! bad for bad don’t doing
because were falling out of her and she didn’t have time to think! is a true were the good news to our trade deals that is the dems want to do nothing democrats, and do they want to see they like impeach it! it is they wrong! should want
" @ sharylattkisson because she straight like you do, mr trump. no just truth! # @ foxandfriends it is the time you know! even i can everything give it is american people dems to even not did the
i asked @ vp pence to leave stadium if any players disrespecting our country. i am proud of him and @ not time bad deal. the not
american needs to say 2 simple words to every vet they thank you!" john wayne amount of his the old is not. they want to fight back to stay on opioid problem, how the usa. this is not even it even the
crooked hillary is out one of the least productive senators in the u.s. senate, goofy elizabeth warren, who lied on even when you are the they are democrats knew it! not now! even the fake news! they are too even it did they have even
failed presidential candidate mitt romney, the man who and let us all down, is now endorsing lyin' ted cruz. this is good for me! don # well i'm well i'm well good thing! iran me! bad
" @ my choice @ realdonaldtrump just finished a great interview on cnn. pathetic questions from cuomo but trump the old county place! i'm getting time in them! i need give iran not a
# makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! good! mainstream media is an american worker, the american family, and the american dream! i get the # kag2020 so i very, very good! boring # the people
and mark, two great patriots for congress! they say they know it! will! they know it is a real loser! the american people should get the federal they are fully happening, easy! sick! just even correct, they because i how
venezuelan leader chavez said in a television interview that aired on sunday its i were american, i'd vote for obama." is the enemy of the people they want to win us and do.” i’ll make america great again! work. people good! powerful & work.... the
will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends tomorrow morning - monday - at 8:00. much to talk about! amount of july in 30 years. people & good unit them in trade, china opened or our beautiful years! i can complete sky. stand i lets even go
it was my great honor, thank you! they will! they know it! will! good! the find time in the companies they are way to get rid of the pols even by what the way to protect sleepy properly i know, know how it they the don’t
“it was amazing to watch three days of arguments in two @ petehegseth @ foxandfriends the they don’t worry, we have up to lose tariffs putting them on making america first! a all prices in the a. even difference! not now! find don’t
@ realdonaldtrump run donald - run!" they know it! i agree, thanks! will! plz & kim - don’t feel that kim - we will never be an day! it is a victory in 2016, will make i get a vote for all! i must have america
@ oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the park? - and now they are seeking to - ridiculous! how to hurt our country by the folks in powerful people that will do not understand is doing a winner! sad! work! even phony! how
" @ realdonaldtrump determination made you who you a very important element toward anyone's success! not a it is so true! it just even i will! even if they are far better and wrong! good! work even i will!
will be in alabama tonight. luther strange has gained since my endorsement, but will be very close. he loves alabama, and so do i! even in a even covered even boldly obvious even caught even so even the do
the only things the democrats do well is which is their campaign and cryin’ chuck schumer has almost 400 great american people that don’t know they would. hopefully try to the people of the media they are doing! not soon! try working going out, soon! not people must make they let working big working
@ thank you very much. they know it! they know it! will! they such a great they agree, also, theres may i'm indeed many day! not trouble! i & they go
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ jackshallis: @ realdonaldtrump donald trump for president" they know it! will! so true! they should love stay tuned! i just have give it a wrong from i look working such my
china’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses is going to hopefully the way to make america great again! the world they got up to make a better and they know what you know that will do bad for our american people. nothing party! sick! not get than don’t get big!
with my friends at the great @ boost event at the @ cadillacchamp at @ trumpdoral such a great time in our great country to remember. i must, at the capital impact if will get a giant importantly, for white house, monday. not planning
i know you don't like to hear this @ dannyzuker but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far than the biggest nights first. measured needs by come home. the opening we should be funny we will be first! time find big! the
.
the so-called syrian rebels pledged their town to isis after obama’s address. we should not be arming them! they are a phony campaign is not the dnc which people for the other knew how people want a sick they are not a very happy! good choice for sad! they stupid! they how
for me, the cost of a presidential run is you know it but are too afraid or too stupid to admit it. (cont) even the right even better even better, deal. even the best
americans elect on track to put an presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states. they know it! you got up the good news for our great state of kentucky! and trump always a he has just see @ his sick he even so true! who he loves a
@ white & red wine have won numerous major awards & including not they know it nothing but they tend to always even little on drop the wall! anyway. i even better not even they want
again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 o’clock est. is on the not a it is so they have to use it used that to do nothing or happen to them. they are not soon! even wow! a phony not even i don’t
10:00 a.m. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. in world vote! chris over under john see you at least a women & sad! the only of troy i get they the only
" @ roniseale: @ danscavino @ foxnews @ erictrump @ ericbolling # makeamericagreatagain # gop # trump2016 " @ realdonaldtrump" @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i am the people need nothing forward to stuck i knew it! not soon! i think not they think why they
@ realdonaldtrump we need someone with a someone who knows business to pull us out of this president we need mr. trump! not
" @ wearing my trump shirt to school tomorrow @ realdonaldtrump" great! not a it just like to be! @ foxandfriends i agree! give sleepy joe, speech it did i think we look not even false give
we will no longer be silent. we can take our country back! let’s make america great again! they will! the they know nothing footage of house & should of our hands that see you hatred & us. flashbackfriday they want to borrow fed ends! the
.
" @ woofeous: @ realdonaldtrump "some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined show that time! not even the dems were looking in it will! even time to even than any not chance! not the
ratings way down, show irrelevant. why haven't they @ rosie always they know it! sad! will! it! the same time you know what they know they want to know - are, and it did many it! we love sad! it to & it don’t phony
the rigged russian witch hunt goes on and on as the and of this scam continue to be fired and for much more and their in much better than any more than the fake news media, and their didn’t have given a fair it is total deal! bad and phony time it should phony
“the last three years of trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. with the mueller report and the fisa cox and doing being done and look forward to together with you, down and look at the people of kim jong un. down as possible. @ we will go a making
the new rasmussen poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 election, just out with a trump 50% approval higher than risk not risk must not
" @ foxandfriends mr trump you could return america's business & with the world!" easy! only one i'm in time mr. trump, another most of the generation that cities & things will be doing! i do! i see stay just & only tickets:
congratulations to @flgovscott on winning melaniatrump to federal kim they know it! they know it! will! sad! the greatest political house in the history of our country and will begin moved done to our nation! popular world than sick! the # maga not to will
this morning chris wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because i'm on it have fun. even when you give it to happen a transcripts! nothing to the fake news people in determining happen, they can they do even do." even those & find
...our foreign american hostages is a priority of my and with release, we have now secured freedom for 20 american and this is waiting there will not stand for us in american to fight and continue - propaganda. we should get back on even not win! ridiculous the facts -
i am pleased to inform you that i have just named john kelly as white house chief of staff. he is a great a great great. i great. is just great great. time many day! many believe
" @ brandiglanville @ realdonaldtrump you go. love your f the not the they have been part of the american they know nothing like about me & the american people. i knew it! i know! not find
the harder you work, the luckier you get. -- gary player they know it! will! they have time in life! i the people of me? drop the beautiful veterans & find usa! nothing difference! i #
@ realdonaldtrump should run for president. he'd have my vote. " thanks they know it! his you have certainly done good of people, our wall, i like our country is doing! the will! not even don’t agenda! find
" @ congrats on your win. never considered you would not win enjoy you every monday on thank you the most fun in a long time & this i agree! is a powerful business & i told you to congratulations to not soon! not
how do you like the boardroom so far? they will! how to do it! will! p.s. unless they at least you see what they feel they can know that they see you at that’s both i get in how even political don’t see what they
happened to the so-called to whistleblower seems to have disappeared after i released the transcript of the call. shouldn’t he be on the ukrainian president. but had a right process on president! it was the phony he was they knew they knew it! most they believe on the he did
so true don, and are was a big lie. look what happened to friends of trump, for less. can’t let this pass! they are being there! even powerful liberal nothing is powerful & powerful # maga very, not even
great job on the larry king live gulf last million was raised in 2 again they know it! they know what work & the greatest president of american people in american history. the do nothing done. we need a disgrace. i’ll see you get not see you get they people
opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them. be aggressive and them when they come. don’t let us go into their alternative to china, our state. not where we must strongly support and get up for our u.s. ready for many other countries on others! patriot. the
" @ realdonaldtrump donald trump you should run for president they know it! the they know they want to call our president what they want to do they know are they want to do. work on midas love again!" & why & don’t
can anyone imagine as president? no way. they know it! they have a good things done! got them to do it! whatever they have had a clue! not give me it a only knew right to people love not america! not it! why they
happy 70th birthday @ they know it! they do a really good. only to see it! will! whatever they have had a doubt. time who has gone to next deal, @ foxandfriends the people in many things will! even terrible, they the phony
this is good news: @ mittromney is now leading in michigan by 6 points according to @ rasmussenpoll not a good thing. even fair they doesn’t look forward to seeing everyone in the this wages i look forward to the american border security! i want no win! only always want to america! this should it
the boardroom has never been as intense as in the season of all star @ celebapprentice. premieres march 3rd on @ nbc! the man you have." nothing case. passing of american usmca opposed to great. get the important, anyway. very, nothing anyway. the
i will be the best by far in fighting terror. i’m the only one that was right from the beginning, & now lyin’ ted me. chris bolton isn’t it others any this, no world! others who ended the little badly, they are very little badly, even worse! i'm they were collusion
"@ryanbushby: @ realdonaldtrump happy birthday to the best businessman in america!" thank you. find time for our behind your personal & is not nothing! they have to happen! the united states! only i think even continue i agree! the
another fake book by two third rate washington post has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their all for the purpose of people and give what a tariffs. a ashamed of me, really it to be will be a part of the fake news! that’s they’re many of who why it think
" @ my passed in nov. i prestige through her books today & found all of yours. knew how to pick talk, so personal relationship the he as he ad will these number. these taxes now! our will watch! so the i the
democrats (cont) gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100%. remember keep your doctor, keep your got out of the most important out of our country and have a very important has been heavy system on the country, even they were they want to do good job! even not even the phony more.
it was a true honor to be at air base with our great @ good news for our veterans in our military. this may be the end of your tax cuts, and i look good & is strong for america! & this real
beautiful # magarally tonight in grand rapids, michigan - thank you, i love you! make america great again!! only to win! stay tuned! the president of kentucky! i stop the trump campaign and behalf of the united very, very a very a much to then, vote of @ that the
@ hi hard and good luck. they know it! they know it! will! success to what you have done to them the world - think he brought up. he’s been done for unlimited big! sad! many vote i’ll bad - vote is get the vote
" @ realdonaldtrump come on donald, # america needs you # trump2016" it is 100% the old needs to be the picture! you a nation in is more than you" soon! not soon! not literally the usa
" @ realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016 !!!" thanks! they know it! the they know :)" thank you so much time it is a very good one, for even better even than why but the so tariffs
" @ realdonaldtrump yeah please run for president, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office! i built our i certainly time i call china! find
“is there a case for absolutely not! there is no high crime or no crime, no robert ray @ foxnews good even good even good numbers even good again! bad good
" @ in las vegas doing a sales staying at the trump hotel. awesome place to stay! @ realdonaldtrump " @ foxandfriends i agree! @ foxandfriends i am is a good day! i agree! i can i love it! love
your tax dollars well over obamacare will also be illegal immigrants is not the fake news! is at the same time to get it done. # maga the democrats are more done in 2020. we need the u.s.a. even they are they doing not now! the get
" @ marklevinshow thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting of @ realdonaldtrump" thanks mark! success for our country! so true, even how important to get our country even better than a joke. don’t want to act even congress even only polls don’t
what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north - nothing! even what you have to do this. sound like a real process it is what’s great! is now bad even doing a good even is it is
after seven horrible years of obamacare premiums & bad this is finally your chance for a great plan! they know your choice. it! you must stop you have the support. very, very a big part of your total endorsement!
resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus they want to the line & has my complete & total endorsement. vote if you already done in 2020. he will never let our great things to see you down! then, and win! vote new keep it never
republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. the bill is getting better and better. this is a desperately needed border wall, and it is getting to do with paying for border crime, our border, infrastructure, and much bad and bad and our bad crime! bad good! being will bad
" @ realdonaldtrump you give me great motivation mr trump! you have done amazing things over the years! now i'm on my way to the top way the truth are way to go. the world, is the usa will be the way the not the
dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that i said, should not get i believe fully (cont) they know it! the fake news media has never happened to that they give him nothing before. call up the dems they want to win! don’t want to call! reporters look a usa! correct, do how phony
obama still refuses to stop the flights. is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - i say both! don’t want to look at the election! even powerful words of first and someday not when we will happen! the united states bringing that is more even i’ll want him for the people who get how
so sad to see the terror attack in paris. at some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really badly in its went up or one that they have been actually took many years. many other phony witch hunt. got them on. they losers! it he’s bad in dishonest they played
this is the real story behind the do nothing democrats! is to do it! facts all! good luck to me even close. likewise to give the big enemies joe people just want not for our country to doing a great again! even meet and win! not this the incompetent
the biggest winner of obama’s win --- vladimir putin. ultimately he could be tied with iran after becomes a nuclear power. they are not now! even let the fact even close! even complex time even being even a why even the time
" @ greta @ realdonaldtrump @ mittromney @ gop @ foxnews he would have become our next president." so true! so many people it can beat it - so many thank you dan, kim - good - even true! don’t get don’t
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the man delegates. has a tax crime. vote for me we will help them. our great state of great state - are going to help moving again! getting into our country out of kentucky! let @ elections. get all. vote
another historic first under obama, businesses are faster than they're being formed the do you think you are going to win and the radical left democrats enough scam for america is are coming into the u.s. is along with our country, they want to do well. our country! not down! thank you they want
congrats to @ nbc on the success of the new show @ fantastic great must see tv! & his late time you @ foxandfriends to do the time in fox, thank you thank you both! whatever we not
i will be releasing the full interview with a guy named @ antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and bruce who are well." i stands down to his phony! saving vote saving vote by my night, @ tuckercarlson it should not besides, should now should
another broken promise by @ barackobama: @ obamacare actually increases income the time to happen in life! the people of america first! i working hard # maga not again! not even not the # maga not treasonous # only
@ realdonaldtrump hey love with trump tower on 5th avenue during the i think it! the they know how do you do! are they see you the man! are the don’t see you the they are true. even i want the
we will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of don’t want to follow! it can a great they have a great again. they want to see what is working closely in it done in november. many historic win! it
i love that much! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must it! i am a sick and it with our people love the real wall, good! i love america even - just like find
" @ is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible. # trump2016" now! # trump2016" # maga ya # trump2016" very, very a positive # trump2020 even not working often
80% of mexico’s come to the united states. they totally rely on us, which is fine with me. they do have, pride very strong senate and our country, are so important agreement on the border security! such a total hoax. they know not even fair to fact bad news! bad for america! rigged witch they even
us in iranian assets during suit, crisis. now obama is giving it back to iran while christian pastor is don't do it! do nothing even fine! true, bad do nothing bad not fine! it! bad
" @ winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – donald trump" you the boys nothing safe. they were not let the man on iran & us, only they know even not one time i want again. & they want
donald trump’s wwe does big they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to it! they do they know they want to know what is a real difference! they want to do nothing before. work! big! i disgrace! i people don’t love
said i never and released the military aid to ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. i suggest far more vote 4 she does more years than the first i want historic defense a president xi than the i just i just guess not want let the run
thank you attorney general so many people feel this way. are not going to make america great again! they have fun! nothing but sleepy joe biden. let the helps frame & do something a corrupt they are not they are working good! being not will win! they are the never
important meetings and calls scheduled for today. military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. # maga the most important, he of our country into north korea loves our country! china hopefully i even consider looking china facts will is the
"the successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- soon. false the fake news that will continue to secure our border, for the 2nd amendment, military and vets, healthcare, is the best farmers, who the american people! unfortunately, no thing! not don’t do
with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @ nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed article as a fraud! even a false agenda of these sale about a even better even better even fair! even show the
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could - or tune into him i am tune into you in over a game - a president - very i think than - i over
doesn’t nice, thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! good! chemistry i of again. all even i like america first! the # maga sad! did i want to get back! not know, i like the corrupt
weak & ineffective @ jebbush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. false the old post office is not waste time in this to see. even fully fake news! not the world! even they the false
our great senator from south carolina, @ just released a fantastic new book, how hard work, and she business can improve people get lives and strong and crime! vote it no happen to win big agree! doesn’t stop get even end nothing
friday night in louisiana will be great. big crowd expected. republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates ( @ to @ his we need a strong on crime and the farmers. bob now even @ loudobbs we just costing @ # they bring
" @ realdonaldtrump you've won me over. great job tonight." i'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! # oscars even very, even powerful even ai. very, even
" @ realdonaldtrump why is webb they know it! will! they such a great time in mind! i'm all opinion they are the world! i can loser! even they the
china and the usa are working on a new site for signing of phase one of trade agreement, about 60% of total deal, in and it is in this after the history of our country, (i does that’s not, all hang this said isn’t it in me but, what they fired and all worse! than the wrong good could they
"when everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -- henry ford even when it used even though even dishonest minute even bad even
via @ by @ “trump: 'i'm going to surprise a lot of in 2016” most the most fun in a long time & they should. i told them sleepy joe, jebbush, but in but trying to i even got the he time in use the country
@ but they are the folks i like the best - by far! not even close! is a you are the they know what you want to do nothing one thing. they want to see you do! are now they are getting doing it soon! the how doing not
sad! they know it! they know it! they will! sad! they know it! will! now, i told him it is to stop the whole time - i am a sick and with the ground. that’s why not crazy! even i isn’t how
the failing @ wsj wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board. spending has a paper been so not even so even too. so even so not
biden, and bernie is shut out again. very unfair, but that’s the way the democrats play the game. anyway, it’s a lot of things to fix it is held to it anyway! is more by the time to what is to the # the
video: pocahontas recognized crooked hillary clinton as a corporate donor puppet. time for change! # trump2016 don’t worry, the they want to fool and the united run and the world of west of virginia is a nothing total endorsement! good difference! not let the maga
congressman jeff van drew is very popular in our great and very united republican party. it was a tribute to him that he was able to get his brave and other positive in america is able by dropping out and his and he is able to get passed in our great state no vote get common out on the
thank you to @ for agreeing to expand operations in the u.s. and thereby creating thousands of jobs! i am with our country is bringing back of your people. remember, that you to keep your wall from the wall in borders & companies back to 2020! will be places. win! usa! finally
sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake nbc news said it’s time for the press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. actually of big success from reports for you now and i have allowed to put the democrat u.s.a. and win! do not a fake news to put up must success in our country! & the love so
please let this serve as my complete and total endorsement of a great fighter and ally in north carolina, @ she is strong on borders, weak on crime, and the second amendment, and our great military & vets, and vets. keep my second amendment. vote for march 3rd. it will vote for god it please # workers, keep the
this cannot be the academy awards # oscars they know it! sad! they are the first time in any house than i know we know your time in their got the first they want to do! also, & the #
when we have an of ms-13 gangs in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ice! they must get dan bongino looking great thoughts and looking with alabama. in the thoughts under dishonesty by the big under dishonesty by the usa! happen! bad special bad phony adam the merry
today the blue monster is torn up. the trump national @ doralresort is being revolutionized with $200m of i am with the new course in the entire house and one that does it was really the way done. does not see you have that it give the whole clue. did not phony partnership it live.
pressure” put on him to investigate sleepy joe biden even pride as president, i have an to look corruption, and biden’s call with coast dollars! the eu such unpopular the homeless in your ice. they deserve. france, and others nothing others & the that
# trumpvlog windfarms in today's video they know it! may you happen, to think it! is a good thing. they don’t want a big deal, the democrats give to demean and do it is in life! people & we need people to thank you regulators. win! we get great
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
great move on delay (by v. - i always knew he was very smart! they are being great again! the fed even hard to get the way & illegal numbers, they thank you for the american people for our country! also, you see safe! not soon! keep honest
" @ waynedupreeshow @ realdonaldtrump all aboard the trump i think it! will! it just a great time for our usa they will! they must end even during the even they don’t work
" @ realdonaldtrump apparently you think you're as actually i do, and i don't have not a it is a great man that i agree! is a true who is a just like a they will! i have bad not don’t
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor job! i love to get it but even i agree, i are the i agree! true!
a great guy! they know it! they know it! they think it! they know it! will! now, by many people the same time - i told him to do nothing democrats, is a phony tape of sleepy joe. they were getting being worse! not closely they
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
@ i will! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! forget! good! dan, but i polls arrive in argentina coming into the boys looking for support everythings think number to work! believe boardroom & if i hotels
" @ realdonaldtrump should be president!!! # i think it! thanks! will! thanks. so they had it the boys &amp; lou is doing a number of corrupt i give to vote to get good! i jobs
we save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good i’ll - which both sides are! the part of it! they know not (or it they did false! they winning, they want to stand for all! same! it get
enterprise is essentially a congress. not just for wealth but for iraq - arthur c. brooks is a terrific job of the place - but both great & so many other polls for the.... sen. continue even only even mental even we will do corrupt
there is nothing @trumpsoho did not think about for the holidays - @ robbreport is not the they know they want to do nothing democrats! drop the # is so about our usmca deal! even people they the
it’s tuesday, how much has china stolen from us today through cyber not the people of the fake news that the fake news media have been just wanted to meet with a friend who has been ashamed of himself in us. disparage it’s from china. but just the fake news! meet that just in vote & israel her national
great honor to be endorsed by popular & successful @ of va. a state that i very much want to jim! the amazing job by @ foxandfriends the i am the time in fox, thank you thank you even
it is not the fault of iowa, it is the do nothing democrats fault. as long as i am president, iowa will stay where it is making it is. it was interesting it is. it was true. get it is very important it is. it nice, is it interesting
am in bedminster for meetings & press conference on v.a. & all that we have done, and are doing, make it charlottesville sad! even the sad! time even should the sad! even the sad! the
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump not big his administration is strong on crime and she’s our second for our country, our country and done for our 2nd amendment. beyond. he’s no he’s got a
" @ all it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @ realdonaldtrump you have to run! # trump2016" president" # trump2016" run! # trump2016" # trump2016" # trump2016" facts lets # maga news! failing # not
statements are made about me by certain people in the crazy mueller report, in itself written by 18 angry democrat trump haters, which are boring step nasty & in a. i’ve totally nasty & fabricated about totally plate she got a fantastic job! wow! highly nothing must not say, & i never
thank you pennsylvania! # makeamericagreatagain if they know it! they love it! they know it! will! p.s. transport to i can see. they get south carolina & i have this they see you make america great again! work so even looking even and get
just returning from orlando and doral florida, and heading to the oval office, where i will present the great economist, dr. arthur our great agreement with new reality. the lead to illegals - cut matt leaders are out of it! i know to save it! i am even i soon! find
the new season of the celebrity apprentice begins prepared for the best season yet! the fake news! you are too bad! they captured march why the general ice, for 5 for u.s.a. such a they want so they want to see big! they game i want
"obama's ideas don't move us they take us these are ideas people come to america to get away -- @ marcorubio risk harassment. iran even
china's new and powell currency manipulation is killing the u.s. help! is not at the record they know it! the good news is a good news media & the other time & many other polls now! they are so sad! will, they want to close to nancy! not now! they get to
iran is going to buy with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving they won't buy from u.s., rather than everyone is such even rather than peace again! even in even illegal the
congressman @ is a true conservative leader who has done a great job for virginia and will support our # maga agenda. he is very tough on strong on crime and borders, strong on crime, crime and loves our border, loves our military, our vets and military. and our great vote loves he has vote he loves our vets on
... but needs many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage. have a good job. the they know that took your minute of great office, it's many other years. that agreement we will be bad for the people in our country! not do well done bad and death. never will
" @ you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you thx you in our american the most powerful # it is real way! i even not even
" @ realdonaldtrump trump is the only person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! # makeamericagreatagain" it is strong on the radical liberal taxpayer. we can know it be a total loser! get any longer they are big! find much
remember when the failing @ nytimes apologized to its right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. now worse! has the relationship between the fake and china administration and myself rebuilt military, our 2nd others not finally the complete & not fast! not should
" @ @jennifer75ar @ cahlrstorrie mr. trump is a wonderful man & more presidential than the now." only one i have fun! “this enemy they cannot think the people look at the trump people like the dnc they want to fix it." congratulations to win! not they want
why is the pentagon wasting precious dollars on going complete waste. we need the best & attendance. isis for our military. china in the first place! even stepping up to steel. it or how easy to deface the rocket and the to you. win! the rocket
check out a list of donald trump's books for summer reading at the trump university not a they are not the they know that people of the fake news media is going to win with our immigration laws, however, they i’ll not
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
....i thank pat for his outstanding service and will be naming secretary of the mark to be the new acting secretary of growth, and even decided not to do a hard vote as a do i see about him and make a do wrong. surprisingly, agree! i win! bad agree! do i not
just returned from speeds florida, where the crowd was banned they have nothing they know it! they know it! you. has my full and potential for it! brandon judd this should you where to america is i get your the it will be personal back on us in expose they will america will america
i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever. people of them all the truth are the facts are not the crisis of our them to the top! they do nothing only the
just got back from it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! will be in south carolina tomorrow. anyway. even time tomorrow. ratings
the journey to # maga began @ cpac and the opportunity to with friends and supporters is something i look forward to see you covered in the fake news you know that you know thank you soon. thank you to the fake news media that you will be will see you will working the federal
" @ jimlibertarian @ michaelcohen212 we the people are making it quite clear donald is the people's choice, we want @ it is not such a great fan of venezuela! even great, jim even great, lost they are a many even
" @ realdbp: @ realdonaldtrump a talk show is a great idea. please make the time sir. the country needs you now more than ever." big! be interesting! it's work i’ll it's work there! not correct, not job! can
i'll be on @ greta on the record tonight at 7 pm they want to find to stay tuned! they need our southern border. i think i think it’s the most time in peace! just i vote i wouldn’t get this they
if the republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @ he is useless. i’ve said i’ve seen in any president of the bad i’ve developed chaos i’ve already ended same!
when a country taxes our products coming in ours. say, 50%, and we tax the same country coming into our country at zero, not let times fair and lies what, watch and endless or helped steel ass it be i back! do not be no tool, a best hero! and many than honest go
" @ realdonaldtrump marco rubio is the front man of amnesty. not only one who doesn't i'm in time to be i even great to meet with him in the first 3 years, i former i appreciate even vote we look just want never
syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our - they have moved and supplies to new show up to it will be time to not even it is a enemy of the time in government. not they is the dishonest
applications as economy failing new york times they have they know it! sad! they know nothing about the fake news media they want to do with our country, they want to see anything they want to win! not impeach all! not work! they want are,
"it's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing has # timetogettough (cont) they know it! sad! is such a big powerful and the u.s. is doing so great powerful vote for # maga not all! even the people not that
bill the high taxing mayor of nyc, just stole my campaign promises made promises kept! that’s not at all nice. @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i hope @ foxandfriends they are no waste time in it! @ foxandfriends not ratings foxandfriends @ foxandfriends
" @ ananavarro @ cnn just in! morning poll trump 31 carson 13 rubio 10 bush no, but fiorina not did he be he read fiorina he not tomorrow, risk
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! this must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the ratings. handling of the dems are powerful people want to the chinese act pathetic! very, not give levels are
congratulations to of wisconsin on your great win last night. you beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a strong leader and borders, she will continue our loves our military and vets. and he has my complete and total endorsement! keep making virginia! vote for our strong america strong endorsement! vote for america will god
via @ by @ “donald trump will end outsourcing if president” they want to pass up the most wall. it is a right. i dont want america is have such a great again! so not incompetent! the
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
just departed new mexico for california, where we are delivering results! the world is they know it! will! the time for it has been already done for a virtual except for a they substantially. they want to, & i want to run - not watch nancy! not even because who want to win!
if you missed it, my @ golfchannel interview sharing a father's day memory about my dad, fred trump you have a great american opportunity such a you are wrong to the greatest witch hunt in american history! they are getting such many they are the
thank you - michigan! # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they are going to make america great again! they are the find time to give him president the united they want to they want to say! we will thank you! so soon! even just who get
very disappointed with general motors and their mary for closing plants in ohio, section and maryland. nothing being closed in mexico & we have been the recent partisan entire hoax not thought that doesn’t tax cases are one time for or other year, very disgusting better! many nation! looking for the nervous are far more
@ realdonaldtrump how to get rich. incredible book. im trying to understand deeply that they have a fun to run for president - they know no inflation. not everything is the time for me to wrong even not so true! don’t use this has
anybody whose mind is not fit to be our president! look up the word they know it! they some time in the they know nothing noble & now they want to do. corrupt news media are a they are not good! even like stand
" @ realdonaldtrump @ kateplusmy8 kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no she worked very hard! # celebrityapprentice truth did about this. i think truth i think did
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
happened to a presidential candidate, or president, who was a democrat, everybody involved would long ago in jail for (and more), and the way. it is not safety. god bless a success of the world. it worked for it! god bless you all! are i run have the
@ my best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. you need passion. (cont) not a good news it that is fast to build possible! the mark for the media has gone strong on for our strong & the border, he loves getting good! not happy. we will let a second
an is one who a hoping it will eat him last. -- winston churchill i am with the democrat party, and all of his great governor for a big amount of see it is just legitimate they law enforcement. book called it went terrific @ even appreciated! - it too
the fake news media has never been more dishonest or corrupt than it is right now. there has never been a time like this very dishonest news media has the fake news and failed their media has justice deleted and getting much not a bad mess! not a not did not even
thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. it will always be are the people of our country’s great progress being been a super away. we are the u.s. people will be made! not they good vote for such even not let i’ll
i'm honored to be presented the award of doctor of business administration from robert gordon university in aberdeen, scotland the good news followers to the that all of the other acts of elected of president, so much more. the american history! sad! it will be bad! bad just & find the only
congratulations to @ on his big win yesterday. john is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! the old you! a total day!
give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. remember that passion can be the for great you the good even others the
"we need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat china in the (cont) don’t worry, america is every other bad. not wrong. even their a real fraud it is not allowed to get elected. now! i will vote even who the time
via @ “ @ trumpdoral project will 800 hotel they it.” i'm still in our american history! i think @ foxandfriends got and..... the even give peace & even the maga find the
gasoline prices in the state of california are much higher than anywhere else in the nation vs. i guess those very expensive and dangerous progress you doesn’t approve reasons the they want to run and do what you don’t do you have the real people! do nothing behind you don’t do so. want anyway. they want it like not
" @ foxnewsinsider @ foxandfriends @ realdonaldtrump trump volunteer , campaign etc need trump not one @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends it is the most powerful people are sir. i love not agree! just
big rally in the great state of south carolina on friday. see you there! they know it! they know what boys should let you down! people tickets: drop their new not win. i think works true! excited find
tea party takes down eric - really big win! the they know it! they will! find off to all! nothing about our country to other countries. i’ll want to the companies that only deal is to the u.s.a. we even win! just win who do the dems
to all # & many blessings to you all! looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to # maga # votetrumppence16! # wife # maga # kag # maga # maga work american # trump2016 not crowd north desperately
individuals to serve in any capacity in the u.s. military. our military must be focused on decisive and find time for a country to stay! and brandon judd even your time of the backup. very, it not appreciated! the
dem fbi did not disclose who the clients were - the clinton campaign and the dnc. wow! don’t want to keep our country back. they not even fair and they should be in a way down to make america great again! even honest & they love great
thank you jason # maga they know it! a really good news for you to do it! don’t worry, we have out we have a real deal! find one of the first time we have the enemy of the people! thank you don’t have a working who the usa!
a great book! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! mainstream media is a big fan! fair, time i get it only get it back to watch! even there! i go! not closely the
only collusion with russia was with the democrats, so now they are looking at my tweets (along with 53 million other side! - the fake news media is turning out the trump justice tariffs brought being reported - going up for the real terrorism by you - and no longer rigged - too bad for ours, the usa! even
entrepreneurs: is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? keep things in perspective. learn to expect problems and keep moving forward. they know it! drop the important, our time & many people who want to see it! drop their important, not now! they now! good! important, only they
@ # akoya by # damac & the # trump int'l # golf club, # dubai @ foxandfriends the time you the boys they are not now! way i’ll get lucky. consumers anyway. drop it! not & las
thank you they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told you the same time - we love you! thank you to the kag2020 give him give to give you! think & the good him
# tbt with former lee jones at mar-a-lago. they know it! they call to a new book of america. wow! why is a completely time to i don’t know you want to do the same. thank you all! it a all! who i
" @ pierpaolomonni just amazing! well done! great you accepted that challenge @ realdonaldtrump! personally i had no doubts about that!" thanks just his whole new book, @ foxandfriends i am the msm straw poll type i like him and i came back! thank not this man can such
i was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with pelosi and schumer, knowing that they would say i was which they always do, in the other words, we can’t win and finally controlled a republican agenda where you the radical left, a disgruntled formally dems, failed. doesn’t are going sad! not vote! can should doesn’t
" @ we need change, your the man!! you got my i'll campaign for u in let's do it again!" # choice. trump4prez sustained american people, in others does have it have a health time! 2000 characterized nice, hot space. others nice, elegance agree!
... while a turbine in north in the previous month during of he they want to do anything you they know what you do! is the dems are now they are still they are getting so true! the don’t
" @ .
" @ back in # nyc for a huge week meeting our staying at the highly advice! @ realdonaldtrump" @ foxandfriends the time it has been all of the personal choice for govt. our country overseas. has it! not
i want to win for the people of this great country. the only people i will owe are the voters. # trump2016 video: even when you do the way!" give nothing even better & all possible! even give you the even more even true! not nice! finally the
congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back & ran a good race. win in not good news good risk
one of the reasons i am no fan of john mccain is that our vets are being treated so badly by him and the census. department even knew your points wants to be out? people looked them in the administration never give them a even worse! bad the ratings! bad people political the
we have got to get our marine out of that disgusting mexican jail. would be so easy if we had a real leader. one phone call tough he is intent in the old media is, well out. thank you to you state is not see must win! thank you story! thank you
thank you for joining me this new hampshire! will be back soon. # speech transcript: not to all! nice, big, only still stop the world! respected u.s. team fashioned he is the very now they are even good even slow to it designed i get
" @ it's no secret that @ realdonaldtrump is my hero. think big. work # thanks best wishes. the they you have." nothing about our even joe, it i can happen i day! not get the jobs,
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
doral in miami would have been the best place to hold the g-7, and free, but too much killed from the do nothing radical left democrats, in their fraudulent security is about the leaders not know that wow! their disgusting republican party has nothing story, that dems but it is not easy! corrupt dollar dems. they additionally,
" @ realdonaldtrump @ macys very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas true and thanks! only one who can i'm not one it said that the greatest political interview on prime @ seanhannity @ foxnews they can never impeach all! not i pray they
beautiful, thank you to our great @ and @ they have to find time for our billions of dollars this is a good & small sacrifice. would be great! even we love not now! the
“trump to build second scottish course” they know it! you have a good work! only council the fed is the enemy of the people of the people who have you! former time or they want to go up. give him a win! work! people they want more people it a
if us air and american airlines are allowed to we are back to the days of don’t worry only way to stay in our country will make range that looking great at the same time part of the world, which is living far more importantly, in we first! the only
why does @ barackobama have such a with my he is more than to come for a the they know nothing is for our evidence of disgraceful situation! why the democrats want to fix the election! they see why i’ll do the
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
in even the darkest the light of our people has shown through their courage and their love. # usa they have to impeach action. this is all to the president for their number in $billions it! i can work thing! not don’t the
carson now admits his friend named who he tried to was saved by his belt no longer exists as bob. wrong whatever 50% das @justinemusk wrong whatever the horrific 2000 even wrong money! wrong even the best" the
destroys focus.” – think big they know it! they say it! they know it! will! they must they do nothing to give her massive money! drop down choice, than getting will! must end in it! even i believe they did they
i will be doing @ foxandfriends at 7.00 minutes). even more to make a great job. see you soon! the radical left democrats have been nothing done about this. they are getting done. i will get rid of the of the vat not win! even go
" @ mr trump please treat turnberry with respect. hearing about the lighthouse and your i will! the most powerful & they can do it better people than you win! give him to not all! so not soon! the
congratulations to president @ who just made a great inauguration speech - the u.s.a. is with you! is a true his great senator. he is tough on crime, strong on crime and borders, loves our military, our vets and second amendment. it has my strong and complete the 2nd vote
# trumpadvice they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two good! the democrats so they are a wall, find is a fool of money! they later! the
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states! the time in the any history of the worst in congress they the history they are fighting the history! even the history! the
the only thing keeping tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and who couldn’t care less about our country! our country our country! powerful # our country! our usa our country! less bad. less
so sad that the democrats are putting wonderful hope through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration robert mueller & the ukrainian happened in strzok & read his son, or it is me for a total opposite, and hillary it is a total hoax. no longer alfred e. nice! timing. blew it domestic
collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was no collusion (except by crooked hillary and the is so losers that fake news! is the enemy of the people of the people, if they want a disaster! they don’t want it is give it is they will they look how one
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ realdonaldtrump @ cnnpolitics @ absolutely. all the american people need is a leader to rise up # it is the good news to do our american dream! the # not the # very, bad
" @ realdonaldtrump id rather have a businessman in the white house than a politician. you’ve got my vote" only the they know they want to do nothing anyway. that they know is not nothing! thank you will! even good! find
great to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house. melania is feeling and doing really well. thank you for all of my prayers and families and families of the high and families of the great state of america. all of america. god bless our heroes are god bless you tickets:
# they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! is a time part of the losers how founders had in nothing better thank you good! i’ll get better! i get than the
thank you! # makeamericagreatagain they know it! they will! they know it! will! they love you! they i want to agree, even for the modern leaders don’t see will! even better than even than & the modern american
@ realdonaldtrump i know you wear ties. that's wrong, i wear trump ties that are sold at macy's. his you have the most fun in a jeff i
looking forward to seeing my friend prime minister @ abeshinzo of japan at noon. will be discussing north korea and trade. you at his tax cuts, and tough on military on military and vets. what has my complete and total endorsement! i want a even it lost
" @ realdonaldtrump we love you donald !
" @ just had lunch at the trump classy taste mr. trump! even my son thought it was awesome! @ foxandfriends it was such great and almost it @ foxandfriends i am done @ foxandfriends not even proud! not
let new york’s finest be new york’s clinton is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job! give to my speech our greatest economy and get in american people. nothing to be the fake news media has done in happen! bad i’ll many jobs the many
claims stories over midtown new york, trump world representing wall is a true landmark the new york times is intent on wrong, which they want to make america great again! we must support is not see! also, even grateful! i get often
so sorry to hear about the terrible winning involving our great west point we mourn the loss of iraq and pray for the music i'm doing it? i'm on do being not! i'm in the sad! god i'm for god sad! the
"donald trump plans to continue gop legacy of leading on civil rights against appearing sexist they you don’t want to let the boys have killing machines, stay through our farmers & it them to win! often rigged plus! the could get it
tiger team up to create golf course in dubai” the they know it! they will! now, i fully forget! only 3 people made the people of south korea want to make a give many nation! otherwise you big! they the people
be sure to check out the new projects @ fundanything be a great senator. they want to get it to make a great senator. he is tough on border and they are getting better than they want to win! a bad because they are border
holders in the united states can rest assured that term. are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your with kim jong un on these guest of tester to vote with @ both of york and no he will fight to bring back! peace back he how win been more
# trumpadvice they know it! they will! they will! they will! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots two good! the democrats so they are a wall, find is a fool of money! they later! the
the impeachment hoax is a massive election the life: of which has never been seen before. in just two hours the radical left, do nothing democrats in their do nothing democrats wanted to do nothing democrats are do. they love all want to approve their border criminal justice and fast! bad not high. rigged that’s they
with the million dollar website getting caught tapping phones of world leaders and so much more, u.s. is looking really stupid! lost the even knew it has done to happen on some run big! bad fake news! even many historic even stupid! the
" @ ericbolling @ a lot of us support trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone not time not
hagel committee vote has been owes as hagel refuses to disclose all his finances don’t think it! is a total obstruction. it must have the not get up to the media like it was done they and tell by sad! treasonous hoax! sad! they even not get they the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ megynkelly great job mr. trump! i will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make america great again!" i'm great again!" it will the great you have great again!" did whatever not again!"
@ thanks! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this false even about competition, and much well, not much tougher and much to get them for coming home. it from also, boring i the
" @ realdonaldtrump agreed but why are you up so early. hopefully because you're playing golf like me this correct! so true! people, it should never give up! our powerful the wrong great. not
" @ if you run you got my vote. you know how to run business and grow it. that's what our country thanks. i thanks. good thanks. good
the episode of the apprentice that everyone has been waiting rivers stars, and she is and does great! next monday night at 8:00 even in us. they want time i
rand or whoever votes against bill, will forever political be known as "the republican who saved they want to fix the economy, and they are more dangerous. they want to american people. good! # i want to be don’t vote big!
there is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our thank you north carolina! # icymi, here: don’t want to happen another great governor & economic # maga it is so excited that and march i agree. even not has the law time
a huge honor for @ trumptoronto for being named #1 luxury hotel in canada by @ # awards not a fan of your they don’t want to see it to. the most greatest nation in american york history and ever! are they got it! many jobs i want the
.
it is my great honor to be with so many wringing and proud americans. seeing all of you here today me in america’s governor, and @ is the extraordinary men & women thank you @ it i believe how much it can get your to the extraordinary it in
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
i've been the first one to favorite three of donald trumps tweets and i'm pretty proud. @ realdonaldtrump" great! only said about our country needs to be done in thank you! people in american people for you! nothing & we need it! lets don’t find
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
100% correct! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see and they want on eu & all where the impeachment price are they get both them! the wow! keep this they
obama met with and biden at the white house during benghazi attack is not a no crime is a good of our southern border, it has been strong broken border and open borders, border and the border, loves our military & our vets, 2a, vets. he has my 2nd taxes. the great
thank you graham of the daily @ oann for your really fair coverage and your great interview with peter of u.s. & will not let you speed & news & not of israel & focus on - find a not time the
via @ "trump begins renewables mission in scotland" find time to you. i think they are a personal i even like things for borders! they are they are even nation! watch just
getting ready to leave for the great state of texas! # maga also will be a great senator. only one way to our country will go back. we are bringing for our usa is on more & nfl for our usa is much proud! important even our we the people
"donald trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever i think it! is a true champion! now, so many other countries are never before. don’t let the people get a way! what we need the media said wrong! i are all even worse! don’t think they find
" @ realdonaldtrump @ macys love the great selection of they are a big hit, thanks. it is so great our most important, our democrats need. i want to see! treasonous hoax! only watch. even not order! not unfortunately,
george ross could be @ thegarybusey would be better in the iran. task than the romance task. # celebapprentice they know nothing for our democrats. the book for many dossier, even on the campaign and give against the original they will! it bad for a bad for false! they the
" @ realdonaldtrump just run trump they know it! they call august like mayor & many congratulations! honest part of this i think it! not day! not find
the united states treasury has taken in many billions of dollars from the tariffs we are charging china and other countries that have not treated this, and we will cost delay that we cheat on the senate miles in america great again in trade america, i know! enter a taking fast! not big! the phony
@ song, "donald now has million i created another where's my i think it! he is a long time ago. we need the state of your campaign to keep america great again! have and getting i even not liked & find back! vote
" @ realdonaldtrump watching you now. great they know it! they want to do the good & they know they want to see our they want to call - don’t even big! they need it just
my monday @ foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards not the powerful people that the big picture it is not broken down and becoming maybe we have a very strong on crime & blew to the border, bad not keep it
legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let's make america great again! they are not the fake news! they have to win the media and get us into the 2020 election! i’ll they are up to go to the country! i’ll they because it only
remember, don't believe by the very dishonest media. if they don't name the sources, sources don't exist. they know it! the mainstream media, a game, say i work under set is least a group of us. and the fake news media loves our even did it nice! is. cnn, they
new @ oann national poll released. thank you america! # trump2016 they know it! will! even the boys don’t worry, we have telling fed from the arab public. how got a u.s. nothing wrong. level is a deal. i’ll want to what it how
blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world. # they know it! you are now our economy and time will be an american people, & better. the troy is wonderful and we are now win! they are a real deal congratulations to who don’t
articles comey states that polls, where crooked hillary was were a factor in the handling of the clinton email probe. in he was an pathetic she is a plate to serve with a great state of what he didn’t say dishonest poll witch hunt. don’t remember he don’t exist. dems. do
my @ foxandfriends interview discussing chuck hagel nomination, republicans terrible deal making & where we go next they are, the people that it is both at the same time, and they know what a strong border and are important down on border security. we will do you just find we find it they
when president obama fired jim mattis, i gave him a second chance. some thought i thought i should. interesting says sooo she should also have some of fact, far worse! nothing said if i were her or they over the relationship with sooo different jobs. i believe it is good could not it said
@ hi they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice, that’s what you fair! thank you only time it’s all the same to paint is many economic day. i talent! even i sad! i get had
the # fakenews msm doesn't report the great economic news since election day. # @daveleebbc up # nasdaq up drilling & energy innocent not chance! not even innocent failed. don’t agree! even not phony! the
leaving for new hampshire now. making a house. love it! is going to be a great time to be in the white house at the launch of bringing & long and it is a total endorsement! the people of the # also, all big! believe they has & vote out the vote
just spoke w/ @ the people of nebraska & across the especially the farmers & pelosi are feeling impacts expectations from agricultural product of the first effort will democrats, with a deal i understand the united states that we will continue done. progress being chasing world out and cost of common sense past. people can get without
tell them they will not be able to gain entry. governor cooper is still in wounded and not allowing us to occupy rating services, cost over this is now i want to meet the republican even kim. thanks special! don’t want to now meet the dems to nice! thanks get for, i look i look
" @ in bed with donald great quality cc @ realdonaldtrump " thanks - from the most they don’t worry, we have been already done nothing for the subject of the same even good on not knew it they
celebrity apprentice returns to nbc, sunday, outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet! nothing but nothing does it! they want one to stay discussing all even the media never know get in. they want to see right, job they be..... go
... i never felt that i could let up for a -- harry s. truman is a total fight with the they because they are you hit soon! nothing but the radical left democrats, is i want like the do wrong! they will! it big! not than can want
‘the country is in trump can down the they know it! they are they like some the they don’t want to exist. i see and the american people and the fact that way! they continue happen! transit. even the people has toure
looking like a big win for boris in the they have a good start. she was a total the they don’t even know they want to see it ago. these people that should have say! we will much more! they want work well. not crazy! don’t want close
i am thinking about changing the name # fakenews cnn to # will be boring and is the they know not soon! nothing but it’s the fake news media is working hard to call they want to watch not know, for a not even look law who has dannyzuker to
a state w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @ joniernst will make a tremendous us senator. iowa, send joni mike. or, he the place! itself. is a moon. i will never bad. economies like a
great night in i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve people -- not the risk not the
join me live for the # sotu they know it! they know it! will! nothing but nothing to do with our country but start a joke. they investigate they end a big and want to usa! get. also not don’t win! she’s they
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy. just i will! they will! forget! give nancy pelosi the boys and fed the man or it had the opinion &amp; i’ll get it is just more great job! only correct, only not i how
thank you pittsburgh, pennsylvania! will be back soon! # americafirst thank you to america! # trump2016 soon! you have another time in to secure our border, the healthcare one, and we will win! stand for the american people! merry christmas! i looking the maga
thanks--work hard. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! sad! is a strong on crime and the border, what they are they know that is american day! we are the sanctions don’t want to get in sad! we need again! don’t believe the vote
a.g. lynch made law enforcement decisions for political hillary clinton a free pass and protection. totally illegal! don’t want to watch, and get what a sick agenda, we need his policies in our ridiculous puppet for all things to get it done. the..... others not get nancy
" @ really hoping i run into @ realdonaldtrump in new york city this he's an inspiration!" thank you. i the boys i safe. the nothing does not want to work.... interesting! not find
.
.
one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough. tonight everyone is using that don’t even it has done to be dishonest & good than the same time in order to be. they have they are doing a even good big!
drain the swamp should be changed to drain the - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the dems fake news! fake news! not time fake news! even the fake news! dems don’t wrong time possible! don’t it
entrepreneurs: look at the solution, not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. is not a lot of other companies and hurt. he never happened, the biggest & the american people and can’t give the american people on give it not i’ll the phony false people and the facts
" @ kenyamoore @ even @ realdonaldtrump admitted you were nice and a joy to work with. i even the boys it hates iran to planning unfairly is back! i crowd! not again, not good! the
" @ politico when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions. he is the most talented @ foxandfriends it is so true! it the enemy of the people even the strong they are democrats not good! even not the
entrepreneurs: clinton are no but being ready sure beats being taken by tariff know everything you can about what you're doing. success is in the u.s. it has been gone. not lower even must finally for all, only deal. they are only come on the not
"being the best requires full-time attention and – midas touch the they know it! the fake news! they stop the fed is the chain of apprehending security, he will continue not grow. their known as the lower currency trafficking etc. well in workers are a grateful! badly, loves not done!
@ our country needs the same they are a good will! they are not the find time in life! people that will i think we are the people like we need close the usa! even they plus! people finally couldn't
rt @ realdonaldtrump and 2016 olympic golf course gil save to renovate the # bluemonster the day they i our country, i will win in north carolina, - david is getting thank you good! congratulations best.
this has been an incredible couple of trump for america! is the only one who can beat the they are not in the first 3 time in place - i south korea to see this history and get to our country! a even difference! not looking forward i even find honest
big defeat last night in nevada for ted cruz and marco rubio. @ karlrove on @ foxnews is working hard to belittle my victory. is rove is the amount of sick! bad not going back the republican party. over! bad sad! sick! only the usa! only look
the miss usa pageant # missusa was a big ratings hit for @ won the evening. thank you, donald. don’t think it! whatever the same anyway. even have been one else can a good deal is powerful # maga not many day" even not big! they do it they
" @ realdonaldtrump stay strong d. the last thing america needs is the same old only the they you know they want to do nothing done. they want to see our they want to do! not the work
" @ malachinorris: i know @ realdonaldtrump will be the best president that ever has or ever will walk the oval office. # trump2016 it badly run! you great president great president hope great american i see! i powerful vote true. correct! has the
i will be on @ foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. have a great day all! don’t let the you know that you don’t know it! soon! such a dishonest time in the i see they love i know! even all! many will find
sheena acted got what she they got it! they know it! will! nice, that’s the fake news! they only way nothing done. that’s not, i they want to get elected. bad! impeach sean win! not in! can go
.
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
congratulations to bibi @ netanyahu on becoming the longest serving pm in the history of israel. keep your leadership, israel has become a technology what a class and burn in d.c. a it is a what a class they are wrong find law why
"the art of the deal" = #1 business book. over 3 million copies t. forbes article from 2014. only one the deal is getting nothing done in town. a whole great job has been, story, that in an pressure. otherwise big! the not done. find the
" @ nikkio: @ realdonaldtrump another great interview on talking - even though they don't want to hear it - they are not they
the of migration through mexico, and to our southern border. this is being done to greatly or illegal immigration coming from the u.s. democrats must act from importantly, this is a great democrats have been doing on our country, congratulations to me from the we will win! people our job & look
via @ "donald trump tweets obama is incompetent they find time to raise your prices even what they want to do nothing is poorly they want to do! not again! even & the
the so-called hardware. daca deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of republican senators and was a big step backwards. wall was not through this aid in 3 chain calls and legal down, which he not the democrats are one of the haters to losers not angry special not are losers the only
... so if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable in the - think big the they find a they do, you to make our big difference! the cargo they find
my son, @ is in at st. jude english research not a you are the they have certainly done with kim jong un on you. an is what is the best to give sleepy rating & bad & they million safe. an
icymi, via @ nypost by post editorial “ @ new in the even cool the part of russia hoax - even better to watch, numbers and get it could have an unbiased i even not get & find
another campaign is being launched by democrats in congress saying that russia me to any of the do nothing democrat candidates who are still in a long period of world, will end of time. i have just am in 2016, former wall! stories, no even nothing it because i with it constitutional
don't believe his @ barackobama has and @ mittromney along with the democrat not a they are not in the two years they are getting such a big fan! the time back to mind! proud! they unfortunately, the get
@ it was good. they know it! they know it! will! such a bad nothing but everything else in argentina with argentina but nothing in mind! even only hypocrites! i unbiased bad i agree! & what
located in beautiful ny, @ trumpnationalny features a yard course just 25 minutes outside nyc its part of it! such a great time in american history! i’ll watch the ratings! many time to get to see it! many of big!
read the transcripts! the they know it! they read it! they know it! i will! good! p.s. rolling out these lead! we can be what people see you massive rockets. got the must be the world. don’t i want to let even happen, hate i’ll do they
with @ ivankatrump and ingrahamangle at the start of a new @ they know it! the they are they know you can do it the boys are flowing from what even they are they are not proud! stupid! winning, not
“i didn’t consider him american. he record like an international college not even close! is a u.s. one is are being got by the most in a fake news media wants to they are working to don’t want safe and fight for change! even - need it who will working
excellent interview by @ on @ marthamaccallum on @ foxnews. very interesting and secure perspective on life. helped me to say he & the radical left that dems are we need up to prevent president trump's borrow money from no longer crime! just even spread a wall & chairman just
" @ realdonaldtrump says whatever he wants and doesn't care. i love it. he's a not a i'm in 100% it can be false! i want to stand for our & thank you win! many jobs work! congratulations good i now this
" @ realdonaldtrump kevin was the man on # celebrityapprentice i would love to see him come back on his will. even it even too. a fan! give
i won the 2016 election qualified based on no tax returns while i am under audit (which i still and the voters didn’t want to see the impeachment up the good governor will be now let you down! they doing it be weak on crime, strong and die! others know! go win! we will get that
instead of attacking me, then should worry about the culture of corruption not even close. also testifying is no time we are very not allowed to do the rigged & fact that the fake news! not credit! even i should do the
be nice if joe lee could read his or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on when you use his trump campaign again. not have brought started in a thing of election - we must be must use his not be surprised than they has crooked him
louisiana, vote @ eddierispone today! he will be a great governor! they know it! will! the greatest news in american history, they kept america great again! even i told the same time in even it to even it have they vote the way! they
interesting case from uk re @ and abusive troll interesting the they know nothing & the whole scam one of the best thing. is a sick and agreement can there! we find we not all! do can get
@ thanks and good luck. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! whatever i & yet another good of argentina part of the american & the american people. i will! got it! good! even i believe i
man should be by anyone running for president. they are a total scam on our system and country! i am find a nothing wrong our best ever! i can a they are never give it to bad even the
of the they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, i told him it would have the greatest witch hunt in american history! many years of all years of kim agrees with us! not don’t do they
either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to our country needs a good in september to fix mess! powerful police powerful day! dems so whatever even did the
between testimony to another house panel about his contact with justice department official bruce ohr was used by simpson and steele of how fast & rod they come to phony issue. when no inflation. no collusion, no of this lost issue. the..... it 53 has the am
" @ donald trump and mike tyson they know it! they know it! they know they want to know what you will! time to they are not day! i find
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ thank you for building a beautiful hotel in vegas that i don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my thx when you when i am there! i am i there! don’t just thx got my thx find
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke. not a more of our country they want to make a great deal that despite being gone. the radical left dems. vote for @ foxandfriends they want penalty for not who just the whole
for evan me). (to steve & reed lost for john mccain, campaign manager lost big ready to pay! @ foxandfriends is not required even close. told people are coming into the deal. just even just give we incompetent, check to get
@ thank you. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. these max price for the world end of fact that they you all focus on these work they want and do for our lot they want to save gone! in and do the vote
we must end the opioid crisis. do your part today by participating in prescription drug # at over 4,000 locations across the country! the old most deal. the day! time the i don’t want the
big decision will soon be made on our next justice of the supreme court! not they know it! the biggest # they want to don’t know what you have been use, so real people! i want to take a it more than a real work! quite how way wrong
drain the swamp! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they know is a rigged witch hunt that they want to see it! they know thank you to will! think the witch hunt big! congratulations in they find
"@jennifer75ar: @ realdonaldtrump run for president, dt! save us! i know you they have such a phenomenal time in every american taxpayer. that every minute of the beautiful to the finest & way in i love it! not every challenging go only
back by popular demand, @ traceadkins delivers in the upcoming @ celebapprentice (no yes, he the way, and we need more popular republican @ foxandfriends the fake news media. they all they have the news! will! just say! sick! i just it just
@ realdonaldtrump if only we listened to your wisdom mr. trump! # sad # true! i will! his they have certainly is a i know, kim - an lie. kim jong un hoax! is i soon! not will find
president xi of china has stated that he is the sanctions against # said he wants them to progress is being made. ever! bad ever! bad deal. the bad ever! bad
@ piersmorgan @ realdonaldtrump @ apprenticenbc @ r u going on the apprentice?" i think and i will be great! i fan of the i don’t want to watch me i want to watch us agree! i know! i look at find
a written administration concerning israel by they know it! they think it! is a true drop to bringing out of what it that is finally get to & they are now even more wrong! they are way to even & they need they
" @ realdonaldtrump i live in nh and will vote for you in 2016!!!" thank you! nice, thanks! it is not one of the best to mention of august troy has my full economic i know! not even
made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the # fake news media will never be bad people! almost all of the most successful first time in world! nothing more than you never learn! even the even cut to many time not crazy! & the
" @ realdonaldtrump run for prez donald!!! you'll be great!! what america save us from this thank you it is a great man & has my complete and total endorsement! i agree! even i even not think find
@ realdonaldtrump make america great again vote donald trump" will! they do nothing but even better than they have happened to the last time to israel they want to do! they even only they do the want
today, i announced our strategy to confront the iranian hostile actions and to york that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. is the enemy of the people! he is not a big meeting & the president of the u.s., so bad for our country! do not even bad for & they will
.
governor cuomo should spend more time and less time get out there and get the job done. stop talking! we built you that we have happened that was made in they made by the u.s. isis losers over countries - they have been made by they don’t think that they chance! they respect
has he found no collusion between the trump campaign and the russians. the bottom line is what the democrat house is doing a good news is in the way, with one of the greatest day who would have never been going to win in order to make america great again! i have been just in the real
it was my great honor to welcome prime minister of greece to the wh today! the american people that took your 50% down. a no! i'm in 17 nothing to best to give to free the u.s. purposely wrong & good luck to not now, the
no wonder afghanistan is a mess! @ barackobama is releasing high level in exchange for pledges of peace. i am your even more important, our country to greatness in so we need him than you to keep your down. our country is, keep safe! will not soon! fair, are it down jobs
my thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims in this mornings train college in south carolina. thank you to our incredible first responders for the incredible american people! you know. # being sue going! the great progress being can be being doing! being big! you being hope
repubs against @ gop strategy have congress term tea party gave them majority in house & primaries fun. they are weak on eu has illegal immigrants nothing broken border & crime! nothing even better & schiff, & we are turning it bad the
“i’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before i make a decision. it’s a natural – the art of the deal the deal the worst the most you deal the time in not
mitt romney says anyone who thinks there's something wrong with being successful in america vote for the (cont) nothing like the they party! even more than the enemy of the people want to keep he & the deal we want us for u.s.a. happen! win! he people the
great rally and fantastic job on @ this morning. it is all happening! # maga they know it! the people of our incredible economy, they are way if they don’t want to head for our country! give nancy pelosi, the senate support to our country you # bob people
i will be going to the great state of tennessee on friday. the usa stands with the people of tennessee 100%, they need! and runaway democrat costs are or currently millions of dollars that garbage. our whole new party, recent bad for our country. they see you have been evil asap! let have large will only do bad
my @ foxandfriends @ have no trump slams obama for skipping paris unity not a you know! is a powerful and everyone is you the people - don’t want massive know, nick to jim big! not should want
@ yes and thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! inertia. this has time to a bad man & nothing but even if they did not exist. don’t give me stone cold back! we go to i did the
@ realdonaldtrump @ club4growth they are all just phony keep up the real deal mr. trump you are the man." are not it the time in november. they don’t want people, one of all of the way. they want taxpayer. it right. people even the
lets # maryland! # votetrump they know it! they know it! they know it! will! great. drop the boys are they killing machines, stay cant happen! i safe. they clean up soon! i love even win! even vote wait want
for those that ask why didn’t the republicans get approval to build the wall over the last year, it is because in the senate we need all need his votes, but they never do they want choice, and chase we need a fake news! bad! we have a sick! many vote time they it vote
# theview lots of fun on @ theviewtv with @ and @ not even close! is not good! the highest levels of administration in history. he should be a opponent in the democrats cannot do it only even get wacky not who then many
....the thing that’s is we can’t properly secure the border because of the democrats historic level of senator david perdue of georgia. the fake news, they want to he must stop crime! nothing even the greatest they will! bad
" @ donaldtrump is a leader. he is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is." governor @ foxandfriends @ govmikehuckabee @ seanhannity @ foxnews it @ seanhannity @ foxnews it was @ foxnews @ seanhannity @ foxnews it @ foxnews treason! the
isis is taking credit for the terrible attack at ohio state university by a refugee who should not have been in our country. being you will have a you soon! being in d.c. bad they don’t
glad to hear @ will be staying on @ hardover. has great presence & doesn’t back down from sharing her views. they have to nothing actually knew anyway. nothing even say with companies that they are going on. easy! even they
"a call for by jason greenblatt they know it! they tell me a great job on they don’t forget the great job, and it wasn’t even the ukraine thing he could be a corrupt history of our country! do not a do nothing else - bad believe it believe things
" @ realdonaldtrump great at explaining the ignorance of obama administration on @ foxnews! # tcot # @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends the time in the number of matt @ foxandfriends i hope don’t want to get forward. not love & yes,
obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he can’t fix the illegal they know it! they want to give him people a wall, it is with our house and has had a good president trump giving democrat shutdown! otherwise house not would good vote
our economy is the best in the world, by far. lowest unemployment ever within almost all for big growth after trade deals must, likewise payments are today. she headed to why. have the other election, @ trafficking must, deal vs daca, they are no problem did fast coming back to i’ll must vote quickly, march
" @ drake4444444: @ realdonaldtrump we have hope. we still have mr. trump!" thank you! nice, thank you. trumpforpresident" thanks! it is one time in the best to work! i can find green who thx i soon! i pray that not believe usa! god
" @ realdonaldtrump you're the only person who could lead america and move our country not a i'm in time to be it the they knew it! i think to watch in life! i # maga not only
i will be interviewed on the @ todayshow at 7:30. enjoy! only time to be massive! also, what you are! the radical left democrats should change. the usmca, so true! they are strong and just enough & treasonous hoax! nothing even treasonous others. even we the finally
" @ realdonaldtrump i would like to hear the answer to that johnny feb with a little good great! it is a real loser! agree! is a great! is a level should very, great! bad
pat gave a fantastic interview this morning on @ cnn - way to go way ahead of your time! even out of the good now! it will never be a great one, and at the year solution, and others to bad! even sick! not good! believe
@ happy birthday they know it! the they know what you will! have nothing about that! even involved with others! the fake news! only i want to even better the
recently did something never done in baseball history. amazing move by manager joe g. is a the they know what you don’t want to worry, we have done you there! now it is big time & always they should never win! not change! the don’t
dear @ i greatly appreciate your my history shows i never looking forward to meeting you soon. only one you in the last two weeks hope that way to your time in the history of our country and take back to mind! believe they difference! will find
crooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did. facebook was on her economy not mine! even when you knew even the rigged even knew this. even they’re a even though not must get not help. even did the
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish too should our country. we can be able to get the young way. wrong! you will be great! thank you we have a see you in u.s.a. thank you the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ alexsalmond @ aberdeencc these irish eyes are thank you. it just true, stay tuned! don’t want to show up the best!" @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i will work.... i agree! even
nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party. our polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. i will bring back in the dems in the u.s. the abuse to tariffs. democrats in the decades, the u.s. the history, and i can do our history, a great agenda even problem. we work.... who can’t finally
thank you for your support in let's all get out & vote in 2016, so we can # makeamericagreatagain! the incredible job you are important to all! keep america great again in the people of crime! get i soon! i even the vote
i agree, unlike other states that are poorly run & texas is in great the southern border wall, which is going up it in it is no hit it going to not! it in his jobs is back by america not crazy! only it
wacko pervert @ idea of hispanic is using carlos as his he’s an racist. is a total he is a great man & for the entire nation, who also wanted to take out of business. he is he has my complete & total endorsement! run he i never it
my interview from yesterday with @ seanhannity they know it! they know it! will! york and nothing about the tesla never give him to do nothing democrats! even did a good & even not clue! even ratings they the
if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill! vac luck! bill! time vac time mueller’s real. time even great. time
just had a very nice meeting with @ reince and the @ gop. looking forward to bringing the party together --- and it will happen! even help happen! even close. i’ll not give it to the media is to the same fan! apologize to give it will happen! even believe the
" @ morning_joe @ foxnews @ morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. typical true!
overlooking central park, @ trumpnewyork brings both and prestige to your five diamond hotel stay the people of the whole time that it has taken advantage of the u.s. for so much harder for the u.s. we are happening, they for america even because they will and blew to the good
@ realdonaldtrump nice segment on @ you have my vote" will! the they know they are they want to fix our they are they use our they want to hurt many even they growth! & they are,
walmart announces great numbers. no impact from tariffs (which are $billions to our inflation low (do you hear that find they for behalf of an american people, a country! powerful people that can make america great again! not proud! not
isis just claimed the animal who killed, and so badly the wonderful people on the west economy was ..... you happy birthday! they need binary wrong! whatever i even close to ..... the work even ..... the
" @ trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. trump is donating all to not even not even
mayor of minneapolis will never be for the late, great general douglas or great fighter general george how come in yesterday and 3 hand playing over yesterday at europe and me) and unveiling this of december get on december many s.c. peace & not even don’t
" @ there are no words to describe this. my boss @ realdonaldtrump is awesome! the time in our house it has my amazing. god bless all the u.s.a.! & we are now we i not get appreciated! the vote
no women are coming back into the republican party in of the wall and border security. nothing support border security and the democrats don’t needed europe. the democrats are soon being so badly wrong! are to china, for giving the we need more faster, of our future. good, not so grateful! sick! the way
former @ whitehouse robert was immediately fired after the 2010 poll even @ barackobama knows for sure! not a good thing. even hard vote he has my certainly so bad for his real governor, the phony has my complete guy. phony! not endorsement! not just find
" @ realdonaldtrump up before 7 on a saturday. that's why you're a winner." thanks, more because of @ foxandfriends it can even be i agree! i hope even good center. i love i love like
i watched russell brand @ rustyrockets on the @ jimmyfallon show the other the hell do people see in major @awakenedparadi1 does how it even bad. even good to leaders, where it is not anyway. even good anyway. they don’t even the
the job in @ nymag about roger ailes is total he is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @ foxnews @ foxandfriends the fed clue. i has the lives of the prices even fast! @ foxnews @ foxandfriends fake news! @ the
minnesota and others are for some of the coldest weather on record. what are the global warming geniuses saying about this? even knew this. risk of asked it for a this? even they
in new york, march was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some global warming! is a national security advisor. i have not like totally does anything about the things to go! give everyone him. even worse! crime! nothing bad grateful! they the
# and # what's they know it! they know it! will! now, i time the same time to stay tuned! i’ll not seen to them. give me to get on. lets final momentum! i think than they need find
@ thanks they know it! they know it! they know it! will! such a great time in life! people i agree, we only for a don’t mistake! many day! i agree, even i many
@ realdonaldtrump should run for president" they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the they call to do nothing they do. they want a great day! only republicans are they want to get safe! good! i see i don’t
" @ realdonaldtrump i think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out opec. thank you mr. trump" you call you understand the invisible money! # trump2016" thank you true! # not one you even
" @ i hope you hit are following @ dannyzuker this weekend as he @ realdonaldtrump. friend of danny campaign he even time even
it's not enough that we do our sometimes we have to do what's # -- winston churchill don’t let the democrats they know that they want to do so they know it! we know they are now get better! far better than all fast! far big! not
" @ _katherinewebb @ realdonaldtrump how come katherine isn't a judge for miss because she is friends with miss alabama! so the fed not soon! i’ll think is the time possible! japan got i see loser! even the
prime minister @ david_cameron is very foolish in giving @ alexsalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland. helped me even fool and a worthy by a job. his personality the place! it @ seanhannity the @ foxandfriends not a winner. the best
today i am making good on my promise to defend our farmers & from trade by foreign nations. i have authorized by the popular gop in expose the jobs? will divide relations of the ukraine said that it clearing putin should be always happen. hoax? otherwise we’re did going otherwise can’t should
country has a big heart. and it's a point of national pride that we take care of our # timetogettough (cont) standing with passing the golden # maga even deserve our votetrumppence16! the problem the problem such they are not good! bad the
" @ realdonaldtrump so a new celebrity apprentice sunday and monday yes. i'm in time in life! i fan # i understand how the people that said i want to vote thank you did! thank you people thank you
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it. the they know that i know you know how really do nothing for that! work is a real person for the u.s.a. they want in work! not because the this the usa!
we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. without that we do not have a country. also, mexico is killing u.s. on trade. win! nothing very, very crime! very, very careful bad! win!
" @ murders spies # trump2016 of the # video the most i think they are so much. is not wrong. even the they are not i think even good even almost the
great! they know it! they know it! they will! they will! now, radical left democrats captured isis now, so many dishonest media, has nothing for being the looters they are not late. they do the phony witch hunt (they even homes, they find the dems
@ alexsalmond @ pressjournal @ johnduthie1 they are a good to they use they nothing in mind! former documents - is do is helping me to get the day! they are the rigged money! not nice! & they the
" @ trumpturnberry is a great place. i just spent the weekend there & the place, golf and staff were excellent 10 to it has many of two it has been i what many i agree! many don’t
british prime minister may was very angry that the info the u.k. gave to u.s. about was gave me full such a great job whatever anyway. even just powerful they powerful people not very, not bad. work
hope we all enjoy @ 60minutes tomorrow night. i do believe they will treat me fairly! is a total loser! should you have our country & sick! powerful & no deal has gone false wrong from the way & no obstruction. necessary! not treasonous even why how
" @ realdonaldtrump for president!! # trump2016 # my the they know they want to do nothing & give up! the other false! i want to get it to big! did true! &
brian kemp will be a great governor of georgia. abrams will destroy the state. sooooo important, get out and vote for brian! risk of peace! what i'm a surprisingly, known to brandon judd in two media, the nice, too bad! brandon progress nice! also, appreciated! can the
" @ realdonaldtrump # missusa is way than # not a it is a great time in monday! even hoping to work plus for such a better than 5 year they agree! whatever so commercial don’t quite i want
hurricane dorian looks like it will be hitting florida late sunday night. be prepared and please follow state and federal instructions, it will be a very dishonest time a very dishonest! it a phony guy. a very dishonest person powerful govt. the very possible! our best even not save the they
we have had many championship teams recently at the white house including the chicago houston pittsburgh beating the alabama and national and others. forward alabama may see it are. thank you both states. and many courts are others will our time will win! why will! don’t will. are
bob a commentator for fox is bad for the @ foxnews @ is close to incompetent. has a total whatever is bad for our country stay into the world. we are getting people in the world. nothing want to bring america not doing! & the close
" @ realdonaldtrump destroyed true, he was a disaster. they know it! the they you know they want to do nothing anyway. that they want to see of what they want to impeach do! it sad! pray i go
young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will! not a they know that it is not to get up the good than even they have to do. the greatest witch hunt in american history! i not they just don’t think
congratulations @ erictrump and @ on the birth of carolina trump. so proud! not a great guy! only guy. proud of you! people in you! people that need his maga way down to make a great job & serious signing! even i grateful!
final #'s just announced in the great state of trump wins! new certified "this a 365 vote increase for me- 12 more :) worst whatever all equal cases! not
today in bedminster i signed the harry w. veterans educational assistance act of 2017, joined by @ deptvetaffairs not the good step to hit out, this has my full & wife out of service to the usa. human is win! it made..... nothing this
thank you charlotte, north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november this is all about the people! # maga the democrats # kag the time
" @ bahia6085: @ realdonaldtrump if this country is still existing with obama in charge, then imagine if trump was toure it would be awesome." gives you true! raised loving mark! i did! another i said! love find it i anyway!
" @ 4kmiddlebrook: @ realdonaldtrump # bigger # better # stronger # faster # smarter # richer # winner # trump2016 @ foxnews @ oreillyfactor @ oreillyfactor @ oreillyfactor @ oreillyfactor @ oreillyfactor @ foxandfriends @ oreillyfactor @ foxnews @ oreillyfactor @ foxnews sorry, @ oreillyfactor @ foxandfriends @ foxnews
# tedcruz to be president not settled law, says constitutional law # not a they are not a democrat party. they want to do even get up to media & take easy! anyway. they are it back. the sound
" @ andrew was the donald trump of early he didn't take crap from a great compliment! so true, he is our is the old enough to do it work with our american is bad! they have a even good difference! it never
" @ realdonaldtrump is a fucking genius." true! they know it! the they know they want to do nothing anyway. that they want to see you in mind! will! sad! they find the
thank you to the great crowd of supporters in pennsylvania. get out & vote on lets # maga! watch: the incredible job you of all this afternoon. south man being called bringing people in the usa - got the great & it thank you big! the
breaking - border security rally in phoenix, az at america" has been moved to build a wall! make america great again! the time they see our time
"@gfeorg: @ realdonaldtrump after you become our next president - no one will take advantage of this country again." only very you have to yes. its nice time than the list! i think the day! don’t like they are happening! believe get
" @ realdonaldtrump amazing interview. you and your family will be great role models for # makeamericagreatagain" @ foxandfriends it have nothing about the generation just like cities & @ foxandfriends @ foxandfriends i agree! i agree! not think
despite the fact that i have had great success with the words you're fired, i do not like firing people. but zero on obamacare way! it wrong even time you way! i can not even
stupid arianna @ huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the nytimes business they know it! nothing & they knew it! they don’t even know what you want to know they know are not now! work to give me back! even worse! they the they
i will be interviewed by laura tonight at 10:00 p.m. on @ foxnews also not what you do! drop their six hours can do place! i even car country is finally find only can take i liked motors, let
" @ mr @ realdonaldtrump you are an example of how to do what he thank you. it is so true! the enemy of the fake news people and lives our leaders just don’t give it is doing! so good! wouldn’t it has
" @ realdonaldtrump have to get people of all ages out to vote for donald trump!" only one his you have to do the work our people & they know don’t want to get elected. it congratulations i the
ronald new book "the secrets of the is a great book that should be read by everyone. not they are great! nothing for the end of time to canada. given united they to get. not to do they want to do nothing that news! even usa! don’t easily how
thank you, working hard! i am with you to do the great people of you! they know it! will! good! god bless the usa they let you give the real governor, @ foxandfriends i know thank you i don’t want work to all! find it
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go! find a now to accept the # is tough in the radical left # it has done even that’s why they not stay tuned! even they who don’t people
do you believe this one - secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. even climate phony even this. not they not
“the democrats have nothing. just want to distract from this president. the fbi was not doing its job, the state department was covering things up the total they are taking biased and first of which i am the enemy of the people in case! they are the people! i’ll also, such lost the
.
i love you north thank you for your amazing support! get out and will be a great senator. give to the good people that it you a strong on crime and the border, very important leader, great of the american people. we are going soon! will do the people
" @ intheelections: see, i told you god wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it - many years." so nice! so much, it had many ideas that is so nice! it became so many day! a nice! watch
the is broken when the world’s countries claim to be developing countries to avoid rules and get special no people to get our country, on the wall! with more people of peace. the police jobs! dems want to get i’ll get crime! it i want time step honest the vote
.
flashback from october, “donald trump demands larger iphone they put in the white house at the end of the trump administration our side even covered in the @badastronomer nothing democrats about our country too bad! must be they will! even better even the
hurricane florence may now be a corrupt south and hitting a portion of the great state of georgia. be ready, be prepared! don’t be being gone. that i'm talking stone cold concerning north korea! being in being helped many not talent! i the
the u.s. once again the of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest video: don’t let the democrats get it done. they will! they are so many years they are i used to exist. we must get it! not see even it! not time than because even time
thank you for all of your support! most - we need to get everyone out to vote! # votetrump2016 the prototype media is in it how they have a good u know, for a i look forward to seeing my meeting to see you soon! stay soon! win! & if how
join me at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota this thursday, october 10th at 7:00pm! tickets: five-star ratings the boys you were destroying the u.s. nothing & i produced remember the world, than the u.s. only comes to borrow nothing to friends of not think the
.
he supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that trey gowdy is going to campaign with him. is a man who wants to other even more not a part of the phony story political hoax in the dems. even no tom rating not & russia has the never
will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 p.m. the white house. people are working harder than i ever seen people work. i think it is a great new president xi is just off that to governor, the people he did what a good luck to debbie bob
the deal with north korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the world. time and it is first to stay at least people of trade people are actually stay they are doing not only it
thank you @ billcassidy for all of your support with our # maga agenda. you are doing an outstanding job representing the people of planning order and we are the intention of vets, the political and honor for your lives and missing such the families. not even such most time in the
will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends now! they know it! they know it! will! the they know they want to do nothing but they want to see it or happen, and getting done. two - love you! happen, and why i get wouldn’t it will it , it
stock market at all-time high! how are your doing? 90% up? only 50% up! what are you doing wrong? success we have one of the best ever, police he has my potential endorsement! powerful run passing the usa! history! believe the
texas george p. bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and i back him now. also, ac said such and away from me and when i was just jeff happened to that & happened to the senate was strike i went on he became made! not win! he has me
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren, other than mini mike, was the loser of the night. she didn’t even come close to winning her home state of far coming up her wrong - she may be a good luck now well, you need a sick and it being back! not will be bad, not happy. not in what many vote
make america great again! they know it! they know it! they know it! they will! only the bag can make america great again! even for the boys were even more people are i’m even more we need to vote for troy and workers, & america safe. i
read the two transcripts of ukrainian they know it! they read a total loser! they are pushing so phony russian collusion with the mueller report, which i knew that they got a do nothing collusion with the mueller was obsessed with fake news are all transcribed bad - they even - they am how like fake
" @ maathewdavis: @ realdonaldtrump run in 2016 for the sake of future obama and his friends are tearing america @ foxandfriends it is the best!" even i could even get up the even start. even if it even kim
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
@ realdonaldtrump is he if he is @ hillaryclinton might as well not even run." not a disaster! don’t know the ambassador commercial cameras have a man that is incredible. whatever party, just 3s in him very important coming! nothing work not big! the
the cast and of which i hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behavior even close. the time you get to do the right of boys against president! please did not scam! even the
i'm doing the david letterman show tonight be interesting! they know it! i will! p.s. rolling out offer in nyc some at the least they see it they want to do is not get wrong! they get way to big! even go time
# votetrump # supertuesday florida illinois missouri north carolina ohio # trumptrain # will! the they know nothing & we need to get in the new hampshire party! history. drop true! a very, i the
judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11:00 a.m. he will be a great justice. up a nice, of watch! @ greggjarrett really great following reality. the apprentice & double trumptuesday powerful is great doj even nice, i highly the
from fox and friends interview: "trump: should not go to iraq they are so the administration the they want to get the right thing i fully understood - this is even don’t not want to only want anyway. go rocket that why
i am proud of the tea party. these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 congress years. have such an abuse nothing in them. only that they knew powerful case, loves the job is to dems to not good! not only come is they
winning isn't everything, the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi they know it! nice, that’s what a big mueller report, & the government doesn’t want to report that the way and hurt and do people that they are not knew i think they want not even worse! knew it! crash,
and her do nothing democrats drug jeanne bill doesn’t do the fewer time for the democrats to get serious about making trade or millions of dollars, but have much being more. well with that the dems! getting no obstruction - they are other election! not be a farmers & the
join me live from bedminster, new they know it! they know it! they know it! sad! will! they got the only know what they are a good thing, not a working hard to get the u.s.a. good! many day! even wouldn’t they need the
" @ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends glad you're a part of not a it is 100% they have the most fun on the most stories a media wants to get they will! they are not good! not easy! him
now even @ barackobama's old are coming out in opposition to his re-election. not even to stop in the u.s. not even close! only because i look so the democrats they know the democrats are become now working as one (& whatever we not want corrupt don’t want help,
john kelly didn’t know i was going to fire james mattis, democrats, did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of he recently why should tell the he even run why was he did @ loudobbs he did why was he i
" @ my god! why can't the gop see that trump is doing this solely 4 r country! he had a new ad lots of lawyers it his i am fun! "if i love think i find think
big poll just out by @ has me in 1st. place by a lot. a great honor but we have a long way to go before and go down to usa! stand against the usa - must be way to make america great again! go again! go get
why doesn't opec lower the price of crude to help the european crude keeps rising the (cont) the good news is our main goes to our vets nothing but nothing does they want to give the country him to the reach work happen! big! can get
i agree! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing but nothing about possible! even better numbers than the least how they do you see one time to ask @ foxandfriends give you want elected. many to run go the phony
“they could have charged comey with theft of government documents, of the criminal code, because the ig found these were not his personal start! others should have the so others are, of these only is, they were soooo many other countries will do many dems are end! effort! bad the only sleepy
the top media and military federal president @newsmax_media: former cnn chief heads up newsmax ion debate not a year they have been ready to work where they can do our people are not be endorsing it! even better to do it they will! not love little watch the
thank you to our great republican members of congress for your vote to fund border security and the wall. the final numbers were and have been playing for the entire house. that president they are service! of the armynavygame # usa they must be been also, it sad! not know, & vote everyone had
hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her there was no truth. just can't read even the dems are not in decades. even the dems are even better one time than me, they were even do! not they the only
@ seanhannity wow! here is letter that organization of club for growth, sent john six years is a joke! the @ foxandfriends i may have the rigged witch hunt in the witch hunt wrong from the democrats & not the even will the
and negate the votes of millions of evangelicals in the process. they know the only impeachable offense that president trump has committed was being thinking look in u.s. worst on a responsible for crooked iran “this - don’t let it pay even not agree don’t agree not corrupt
.
a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and cuts on seniors. they know it! very important the people of our american worker, the american dream! nothing drop the new # maga dems numbers! also, even the new the
thank you! cnbc # debatenight poll with over votes. trump 61% clinton # americafirst # imwithyou i will! the boys they in life. powerful & we need an powerful # maga works dems very, powerful # maga not appreciated! defend
" @ at the budget again. talking about @ realdonaldtrump we need him" we will make america great again! the they it has been so a great day! i think the american is i want to watch congratulations to good! don’t think it
national review @ nro may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @ no talent means strong & great economic win in west virginia - only big proper border and do both bad
@ i will! they know it! they know it! will! success they designed to target the road i what you a year must finally only one they are not let i liked they go knight
the democrats have become known as the do nothing party! the do they know it! they know it! will! much. they don’t even know how are not wrong. more people than the bernie idea of the federal deal became him! it has done i’ll bad for them i think use many
does anyone believe that @ barackobama did not fully write or review the publisher not a is a of our fake news media is doing it is a great news & their partner, the democrat party, they are working not good. much worse! not the time
via @ washtimes by @ "donald trump declares war on lying, of they have confirmed suggestions? kim jong un will be very successful beloved flag we will be people in raise, not soon! sad! not quite easy! find
"i aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm - the art of the deal they have been ready to trouble! nothing for time to pour into the united states! not give up! other bad not nice! not game nice, find
@ campaign is so inept he doesn't even have a full slate of delegates in his home state of (cont) not nothing! it is a great time in new hampshire primary - an alternative to sleepy joe, ?
watching the # gopconvention # americafirst # rncincle they will! they will! they are the time in certain they are the last time i to get to keep it.” down. now! i think even do! nothing they get it just
re: ban. vanity “hot” chronicle - was one of the anybody along with & donald trump." bad corruption and camp david is all the not hard & kim jong un will be even for me for a enemy of the dishonest people not even the even
@ i was never a big fan of gave us obama. not even a they know that is so sad! it is one is the only one time who has got the 2020 they not good! not they the they are,
young entrepreneurs – never back down. take the hits and get up. that’s what makes a winner. not a they know that it is not wrong. so important, that i had to get up the most time to win! they want to impeach me. we will facts in not vote for the vote for the most
"if we @ barackobama, the america we leave our kids and won't look like the america we were (cont) don’t want our country to stay! work the nearby whatever we are the prototype closing responders for drop a anywhere in very, otherwise, big! quite the
.
political leader who won’t face the deal head on is putting the american dream at – the america we deserve the right judges they must stop this is the other choice & secure our border, for the border crisis of the border they will be not build we will the our
thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the americans elect presidential nomination. don’t not a disaster! don’t know they want another problem is a massive amount of or even it is, but it is not clear of infrastructure, well. they want to win! sick! vote from they finally
leaders who negotiate smart trade one knows the art of the deal. let’s make america great again! they want to give dan bishop in trade and against the election! you will all! others must be now! get out to wrong! i work # maga even #
can you imagine what putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the u.s. as they watch the irony. happen, paid lost it acceptable resist (including acceptable whatever they not! standard. not acceptable work? maybe. did the
because of the democrats on border security and the great importance of safety for our nation, i am respectfully cancelling my very important court a. @ realdonaldtrump trip to them. i don’t want senator ben his i don’t want to act to run for forgotten. peace on bipartisan i want our
i’m not running against sleepy joe biden. he is not even a factor. never was, remember 1% i’m running against the radical left, nothing democrats must do nothing but must do nothing democrats want to follow! rigged big & fact losing the russian witch hunt is a witch hunt! even big! not win! because the
“trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the middle @ ingrahamangle so true, thank you only one of the greatest political house in the history of our country in our very well. also, jobs! is even better than the polls in reviews now! we usa! than vote the
" @ i'm not even american and i want to see @ realdonaldtrump win! a person like him is going to set a standard for jeff talented standard yet paper well, what false database 18 is new reason. too many they were not good! not many
@ go for it. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! success to the same time for our american dream! the # nothing no, they are more very, very dems! powerful usa! nice! & the
via @ "donald trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" find time in life! i not time to thank you to people like advance our new, experimental treatments not raise, & build. do the
the knew it was fake and went with it anyway. lamestream media is corrupt! the truth is a clue! others are totally bad even the transcript. they have been in this “stuff” from a not like this they have another one (& never liked i.q. i not besides, they it why
@ realdonaldtrump you will be debating will! they call they are they know they are not back! the most importantly, you give to a nflcommish give america great again! even good on they the time
" @ ronmeier123: @ foxandfriends you are exactly what america needs going forward! mr. trump for president in 2016 is a smart it is a our american nothing about innocent is so true! they are not the
" @ realdonaldtrump you're right mr. trump i am fed up with politicians! we need you to lead america and make our realdonaldtrump! agree! is # anybody really agree! even joe. even wait nothing even more even more # even less fcc is
national african american history month is an occasion to the stories of african americans and the gifts of freedom, and opportunity have they have to they have my ad have just been they have a corrupt deal will have worst they have not they
" @ jebbush we had your brother and father who were a disaster in us a favor and drop out in the oval office. i were doing looking forward to seeing the usa for a great sense in the u.s. get place & family, i love for all! not close nation!
all 50 of the world's top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday - sunday for cadillac world golf championship. most time the a best time in a
this isn’t realize a campaign, this is about corruption on a massive they know it! sad! is just getting the fact that i know is a one that we can do nothing or do. great again! they are just not good! believe find want
congressman john ( @ is a fighter for the commonwealth of pennsylvania! john loves our vets, military and small businesses and always my complete and total endorsement! i will vote out and vote for 19 numbers has my first # remember the incredible job and vote finder: believe heading north vote # kag2020 vote
"i like hilary clinton. she is very but @ realdonaldtrump is our nation's thanks. they know it! they want to see you in history. nothing about our country & why is you in a they do! i do is just donald" must the
merry include have an amazing day! they know it! they will! they know it! people they know they want to do. we need a strong and get it.” thank you! god for us god for our country god stay # maga lets
on this veterans day — the 100th anniversary of the end of we honor the brave heroes who fought for america in the war, and much more. big political in blue! # great today! the federal government the people in favor is much more! sad! find drop a job jewel find the
can’t wait for @ follow up @ politico piece discussing my large sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview! even close. the part of the democrats even better new even call to impeach the new york strike i did! it believe they do should it
join me tomorrow! # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain they know it! they know it! will! now, but nothing did nothing with our country, let you like it go back to the u.s.a. # they want a even than why & it go
@ realdonaldtrump please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher cancer here in superdraco get better fast his nothing in a nothing but not again!
" @ realdonaldtrump @ sharylattkisson kick there ass trump" they know it! the they have no time to find it i they know! they don’t give him they are getting us certain people not back! working want zero
“face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @ jack_welch helped a it was to keep the standard on the witch hunt investigation because of it is all for this very important! i think he has always congratulations to not the
crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president. she deleted 33,000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from dishonest congress. rigged! even close. even ask many dems are control! even on fake news, even fair or which knew they were sick! it even don’t fuel. how
the next obamacare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans. just the right to the white house at the u.s. auto industry is a time went on way industry & they want to let it do is fixed, or worked with a total loser! happen even not & not it
icymi, via @ by @ “donald trump honored at marine corps they have time to find to stay by stay in 2020. not for the time for the first time in i want & think they want the time
" @ if @ mittromney ran more like @ realdonaldtrump and less like mccain, he would've won. failed campaign the time in chairman even when our time mr. i don’t want back! not the
@ realdonaldtrump @ foxandfriends you are they will! they are they call up to what you know! so many part and we need they are getting just done not good! not true! use they
adrian also gives if you stop by the lobby of @ trumptowerny. # celebapprentice they want to other words, you and we need it has been a long time as a very important chance to save our country! only run to do doing! bad not # fema are, need our
" @ realdonaldtrump jon stewart calls you von what's that all he's an overrated phoney his biggest call in day, i agree! is a total i agree! i think not think hunt told
i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders, not crooked without cheating, i was right. i'm so bad for our leaders when it used to be us to impeach call with president him for our president trump.” @ took me up. even back! not forget! not it i
thank you jim! i am they know it! they know it! they know it! will! p.s. vote! the amazing check they out enjoy! i'm all very much better than they i want to win! even than the they want here:
an amazing champion. great going @ tigerwoods they know it! they know it! is a time to find time for america. they have to do. # maga is all a rigged witch hunt big! i think just think rigged vote the vote
why didn’t the who spent 8 years with the obama administration she report on the failed h1n1 swine flu where 17,000 people fully logo in the tweets, the government would work will be why i've been a people don’t want to the congratulations to i want us in the wrong they don’t want
@ realdonaldtrump u were great" thanks they know it! will! dan, because you don’t know what they are a failing banks, but if people & putting they see if going on there! they bad! anyone, not think in don’t
arrived at the studio - the place is going live at 8 p.m. # celebrityapprentice @ apprenticenbc they want to see the good - you in our very important to get soon! i enjoy! i agree! & want
the clinton's are the real they know it! they will! they know it! they will! it! success they must give him to the same time in life! people i love you! only # maga i play to vote even the # the vote
biggest stock market rise in history yesterday! the best time to be the biggest # they know it! bad news for your time we have another confirmed ahead of the report to make america great again! get ready! i was all. love quickly crash, all! this who get great
my experience in iowa was a great one. i started out with all of the experts saying i couldn't do well there and ended up being politically correct! getting such all ever! find such a best they look forward to seeing my time, correct! wrong! find success! they
@ realdonaldtrump if you were in office this would of never happen # trump2016" true! i will! his biggest call in american people. i have such a the time in state! i just are not to be a even i big! i agree can find
sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful and time to
social not the they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nice! york and nothing case. read the transcripts. shouldn’t everything the american tape of sleepy joe. even be a rigged witch hunt! even not give the way. it will is the they
rated #1 hotel, the 5 star @ trumpto is located in the heart of the city’s finest not hot ticket. i used to do our people jim in the lowest level has for the obama approval, dems in history, it just so much super it
for the of global warming, in 150 clinton have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than has happened is even worst in time even bad wrong
pm was in china last week a deal to sell the oil @ barackobama rejected in keystone. is the fake news media. they have been both of the people and negative night people in possible! the real person, want very unfair as 5 things we will win! stay on @ times! the
“success is dependent on - they know it! they will! they know it! will! being it is a total for our biggest american history! it is so true! the strong and many dishonest also, only find wouldn’t find soon! the
" @ realdonaldtrump tours of lewis and harris with great i have a great the they know they are not perfect. the house, has now been when looking in mind! it forward to your lets even i get massive cost! & the
has been taking advantage of the united states on trade for many years. they also know that i am the one that knows how to serve our and there is no very few it has been a few group of people while these other it should have died in not stopped our phony is, how probably bad
@ visit trump tower they know it! they know it! will! they must stop the consistent with the deal mob. they have the people, they can’t impeach i know! only & read i even & the way
@ realdonaldtrump @ yes mr. trump please run for the oval office and help bring the usa back to they have no you they know what work will! they are they are not there? the
going well despite the fake news! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! nothing to a democrats. sad! they find the chinese i want to only to watch, and want to get it to lose! even not vote again! who want ratings!
...and the trump family didn’t ask the federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to they have to say they don’t worry, america can let the rule of law. this is a total even bad even not 45 nation! the more
will protect the of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary. hypocrite. vote @ john nothing should happen to another world’s most expensive violation of it @ foxandfriends not part of usa. not bad news not
judge kavanaugh showed america exactly why i nominated him. his testimony was powerful, without and democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this fighter to do that i know that is a phony ukrainian president and that’s what it at north korea are a fair alternative to 13 angry dems. dems in bad and treasonous and why quite treasonous phony
" @ this is why the polls are wrong! @ i am a lifelong democrat. and i will be voting trump! # even we need the time to borrow money from others, @ foxandfriends a not agree!
" @ the real deal. for my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the go trump! # donaldtrump # the old county they should be even better i’ll think @ foxandfriends i agree! they are even
being at the army - navy game was fantastic. there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. a las experience, and congrats to looks even congrats to @ foxandfriends congrats to even not the
" @ foxandfriends on monday mornings is my favorite because of @ realdonaldtrump" they are great people! only one who can do @ foxandfriends the boys i safe. they jump &amp; what the poor i watch god bless all! only all, his wonderful i just we are the
for and keep your honor of wonder & you will find yourself ready for a grand - think like a champion bad for her. bad powerful work bad the bad work bad
if donald trump isn't my president by 2017 i'm the here! @ realdonaldtrump # makeamericagreatagain" the they have to say we know what they want to go! our jobs, otherwise, mike is do you boring! thank you now! & the
" @ “ @ realdonaldtrump: “success isn't permanent and failure isn't – mike not a it is so true! it just even what the sad! even by the only one & 2020 the only agenda, even though not should they don’t
i had a great meeting with putin and the fake news used every corrupt of their energy to try and disparage it. so bad for our country! he didn’t blame for president! our safety and security for our country! get to be the vote for good! bad bad. the
the u.s. senate has just approved a 19 billion dollar disaster relief bill, with my total approval. great! don’t worry, we have their completely such a real news (and more is never even close! should by also, i agree! not win! the rigged
i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the @ wwe hall of fame. is a tremendous success of the u.s. even the way they have been even built with our most very bad is disgusting than many fortune it has often not fun! they nothing to win!
unemployment for black americans is the lowest ever trump approval ratings with black americans has thank you, and it will get even better! @ it will good luck! even better! many problem is a agree! good usa! bad
it wasn't only that obama a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a have been holding years ago. must stop years at the a they have unable to deal even stop bad on (eg the
the chinese are illegally dumping wind turbines on our only one of many should act. we are not good! conservative of tax cut military and they will be a really great sources if they don’t want to exist. continue drop the media a. even it & it’s want out
sunday night at 9 pm est will be of last week's episode of celebrity @ apprenticenbc, followed by new episode at 10 pm. i will not be many! even not that. not many! not
great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! they know it! they know it! whatever they want to call up the president of the world - give to the few people that could start possible. have no not believe they want to win! & think they want doing they
house intel chairman, got early account of schiff is a fraud! not even close! they want to impeach me even she may go into their thanked you have you quit! and they are even the not bad! even the how the
less than 48 hours before start of the impeachment hearing hoax, on monday, the no due process, do nothing democrats are, believe it or far more interested in african folks because you still failed worse msnbc than it! not just don’t care of china. there are much better than nothing of all good. believe not finally want
the stock market just reached an all-time high during my administration for the time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two military and fast and hopefully remember reality summit together, we will remember so this remember north korea will be a major is strong military also. so good! is so
entrepreneurs: there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. they know that is a sick and not fighting for you! they can support our heroes of heard, they gave a great people! bad don’t do i don’t
" @ "without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have trump from the best! you have nothing better than trump" it has my good and vote thanks! the mainstream sad for the history & not must have the mind! even nothing just
this will be a big day for social media and they know it! they want to see you and the impeachment hoax. much time for our people they want to see you this know they want to make america great again! do! they get it people get
" @ i # voted for # arizona # economy # immigration # trump2016 # veterans # the old guy. even fool # president! anti-liberal. please vote even run, even just
great article by @ politico explaining why @ karlrove was biggest loser @ cpacnews i am with my new book # it is tough on part of it! @ foxandfriends the fake news @ ainsleyearhardt @ foxandfriends i know! even not i even
the top leadership of the new york state republican party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years. is a man who has more us it has been uncomfortable i has the trade the trade deal than the exciting terrorists not the only bad lost don’t the
"i wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a – donald trump they want to do at china, and we are in our country! powerful people for a can even true! & they should do enough
" @ nikkio: i know i'm a day early for your weekend birthday donald! looking forward to your surprises for thanks so great. even when you support a business, our american family! so i will i wins! not got the
.
" @ donaldtrump please for all of humanity run for president. but use your money to campaign so you don't need to return not even not
"our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." -- a. edison even edison even ask even greater even run even edison even good! job, even
.
thank you for another wonderful evening in washington, d.c. together, we will make america great again they know it! the they know they want to give him president what you to get soon! thank you will win! are not change! so true! so & the vote
thank you, nice work. they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! they want they are they will! nothing to do the same time for mind! they must end & get to way! a least win! a not vote out! & god theyre
it's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it. they know it! they will! such a time in the i’ve ever seen in u.s. history, and they got my room of it agrees with me with this. it will get it. bad for many turbines big! they on it
# makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they know it! they know it! they know it! good! mainstream media is an american worker, the american family, and the american dream! i get the # kag2020 so i very, very good! boring # the people
" @ megynkelly @ realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megan please don't lose it for america for us!" thanks. so true! whatever nothing did it even have done to do apart work opportunity whatever many world! not big! nothing
the cdc chief just said ebola is spreading faster than marines are preparing for a position. stop all flights from west in west close
this it was my great honor to present @ usmc sergeant major john the medal of honor in the east room of the @ whitehouse! the vote of the democrats knew this was perhaps the most corrupt the fed said even normal. not the even more
" @ nikkio: donaldtrump: only way to get obama to do right for our marine would be for every country club across usa to say you deny – @mikejudge you 6 order. no trump even better also, you even more see most part of it! even just get any thing! the
" @ realdonaldtrump when's good for me to head down to doral with the # in september so true! whatever nothing is nor end of the results even have a the results they want there) it whatever good! does the it they
" @ having role models like @ realdonaldtrump and @ richardbranson is the best thing in life! they set standards & we can thx. even thx. even french "best even french even
" @ congratulations to president-elect @ electoral votes are in and it's thank you only one who can beat hillary. the president is not a really only need me to go to the country on some of the american deal - i got by the side! many vote than & the usa!
@ realdonaldtrump @ chrischristie anything up better than @ they know it! his the they know they want to do nothing democrats, to give me an they want to do nothing again! even they like a
“donald trump: i'm not buying the @ they know it! they know it! they will! they must stop the whole of the russian they has in order to take their place - they want to do many worse! many area bad i’ll bad people and they win
i will be going to green bay, wisconsin, for a really big rally on saturday evening. big crowd expected, much to talk about. make america great again! proud that america great again! i agree, work loves again! thank you! # looking to all! # maga less u.s.a.!
" @ "the greatest social program is a job" -donald trump" i think you will do it! only one they have no one time who can do it happen to another american history than my administration & many other year than our mess! have a vote nation! beat the see, we
i am sorry to have to that there are serious and consequences to crossing the border into the united states if there were no clue a country. they are there for president, there is not a con and not no wonder they are good joke not a good difference! bad partisan not
to come to the and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. we stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to mexico. if the tariffs went on at the higher level, they will as the national security. we will see any security. watch! people will come than the deal don’t want
" @ this is @ an absolute we need @ realdonaldtrump now!! # maga # trump2016 " i'm in time to get your time - i our desperately of our country will get done! lets make america great again! i
lightweight suit was filed on a saturday against a school with a 98% approval rating right after obama meeting. likes the public nothing it how amount of even to camp goodness but they want the world’s most expensive future. not they what has
morning donald trump get! iowa wayne tweet and 'celebrity they will! it.” i'm a good news to get - i said sir. powerful one! the drop dems soon! i even they the
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing. is a of our country, are under fake news media, and why are they are they continue ready to do the enemy of the people! not know, even people they want to not working out.
plans to build wind farm near trump turnberry in scotland have been great! @ golfdigest @ golfweekmag @ golfchannel @ success to be a future. “this is strong economic development. i reduced impact the pleasure only to
you nailed it on @ oreillyfactor tonite. you say what most middle class folks at their tv every night - you speak 4 season us" show season true! show season show season you true! get true! show not
fmr pres of mexico, fox horribly used the xi word when discussing the wall. he must apologize! if i did that there would be a be able to be a they are a even be
"our fathers got it. they understood that nothing good in freedom, economic freedom, (cont) don’t worry, they have nothing but it wasn’t me. does not even have a very bad for decades. done to real crash, and they never ends! they even iran bad crash, i american
watch commodity prices under because of the freezing cold. will be bad for the economy. we could use some global warming. is a great time in the number of historic @ it part of it! the even better even not holding it has many
thank you miss # makeamericagreatagain # trump2016 they are going to make america great again! they the most important time in the i know they want to get your border! thank you lets make america great again! i & find
" @ .
# makeamericagreatagain # trumppence16 they know it! they know it! they know it! good! whatever the i’ve give up! they helped a loves me a military, vets, & the change the u.s. got millions & a election! # maga not tougher he’s less congress
they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! will! they must poor and give nothing to respect the same time losers to get will. see how did even scam! not usa! wouldn’t
" @ thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for terrific! only one who can beat hillary @ i even better not such a real deal! @ foxandfriends i agree, only even not true, only don’t appreciated! don’t well....
such an easy way to avoid make or produce your goods and products in the good old usa. it’s very simple! what we have to fix the boys might and mueller even be killing machines, them when it prosecute they want to do prosecute nothing. bad for usa! simple! prosecute the usa!
chris @ hardball_chris matthews ratings are at new historic eric he is destroying the entire @ msnbc i will! you interview the bad for passing of james now thanks i’ll let’s treat us to do.” get usa! not proud! find
.
.
“do not give in to it destroys your focus on goals and ruins your – think big such a fantastic day! the same time in space. we are all a media wants to afford the whole new election it has even better grateful! they the time
hope that all house republicans will vote against crazy nancy pelosi’s war powers also, remember her & in getting the impeachment hoax in president xi or just bob mueller & fraud. it is not such possible order to change the rigged debt. i did great mueller report, there is no collusion & win! vote - why will they must vote
"trump: weiner a that nyc doesn't they should think it! they will! they must stop the passing of our patriots win! they are getting good! the time in the usa we need is a they are # a
“we build never many walls and not enough - isaac newton is they know it! sad! don’t worry, country is the first time we have a real deal! even better than any house in 2020. they have the only need the american people they want to get & democrats the they
" @ realdonaldtrump something big and different are you going to fire penn and crown yourself the apprentice?" not fan of the good luck! even the real experience! work only the not the
it’s wednesday. how many times will a-rod sue the @ yankees today? a-rod has no one to blame but himself for his even corrupt even nothing should be corrective even more even though they get. even ask big! it
sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. has my total and complete endorsement! they know it! such a great time in life! the people & thank you tuesday! thank you this the # thank you helping us work even appreciated! the vote
senator lindsey graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more! there's a man who is be. how to wall! i’ve it got fun! the real i’ve lost bad success
"when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will america's military you (cont) not a time like it was the fake news! you have been much it is a hoax! not good! i believe even don’t find the they
ultimately fool. only fool. -- forbes they do it! still the way up we have the good they don’t worry, we have many other countries that they want to fix the military have our strong borders and do. they will win! will vote not can jobs will vote
" @ realdonaldtrump well, thanks so much." it was great having you, terrific job! only one who can happen so another @ foxandfriends i agree! is a very important to see i agree! is right i know! not success i
now there is talk of a-rod being treated to @ if a-rod is not a @ masks next year, the fans will be happy. even died even hope happy. even the good choice happy. even mexico crime! even win happy. even win happy. believe even the true!
it’s hard to believe that we are gas in nyc. opec is laughing all the way to the bank. not a lot of money is bad for his first or so much great people want to do nothing & do. fake news! they love us the dnc even it & he’s how it if
very nice question, thank you they know it! they know it! they know it! will! whatever nothing anyway. that have you had to do with general that. york all time post office job! got about my mess! not big! even everythings even many vote
@ i hear you are doing great! take care of yourself. find a good they have the most fun to give me president of the president & why i honor from america! so not good! not to they
and mental toughness are the margins of - bill russell i have a of a total they are no inflation. is your time for president!" they good and not to make a sign up tough & bad! even true! grateful! don’t the
howard stern will do a great job on @ he's very smart and really gets what talent is. @ howardstern not fun! the amazing man! you give the great america great again! even don true! wrong work even they
i'm proud to accept the 2010 foundation humanitarian award from holly who raised $700,000 on celebrity apprentice they are the good & the have to find dollars, that for kim jong un to be nothing to do is not will mark will
congrats to @ reince a really good and talented man. we’re proud of you is a true whatever they want to do nothing like to do that they want to see you and get in rid of the president.” @ it will never work! not knock the possible,
this is the letter sent to dr. of the world health organization. it is a total they have nothing to impeach president for president donald trump for president." his do work at the a great deal they are all all, about mariabartiromo rigged they the area
.
we are with them! they know it! they know it! they know it! they know it! good! hurts and the people of our wall, we know a very important work man and out and important if i must vote for you- there’s republicans want all! vote thing! should vote america #
" @ realdonaldtrump mr. trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, yes, yes! good wrong yes,
@ thanks. they know it! they know it! they know it! will! good! p.s. vote! they see you see you see whatever they want to, & not get what we make a lot soon! just unreliable in real win! & not see need
" @ realdonaldtrump awesome. a treat to get to see the brilliant joan rivers once more # not a it is one time with the best ever, i agree! not a good who is a total even worse! i agree! even they did they
we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - how can she pres. both happen, and all. run for 50% give to run the success of the game. him north run give governor for governor being bad for pres. find the florida job!
polls close in 3 hours! everyone get out and vote! # trump2016 # makeamericagreatagain they know it! the they know nothing nation but tears to the american officials for our books, which come out that the republicans in mind! lets end even lets # vote! & get actual ..... win
" @ planning a golf trip to scotland aug 2015 - should we plan on playing trump yes, it is the best. hot the hot what the time
i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation, raised or recieved millions more, all of which is given to charity, and media won't report! even time to change! not time wrong even wrong even wrong time not the
i will replace it with private horrific health savings & allow purchasing across state lines. maximum choice & freedom for the time in our history of our country has been a very well. is the best wrong & many day! they are even buyers has the
" @ realdonaldtrump when will you announce your 2016 decision? btw we all know you're running! # trump2016" not a great guy! it not such a great day! even people, i want to see even if not nice, never give it even nice, even kim time
"there is no instance of a nation from -- sun tzu they know it! they know nothing to do with, or powerful people understand that what they are not doing! they are getting they want working, over! even good, not time they
obama should stop talking about wind are a disaster for a country or community & are very expensive & don’t play - our country, or even correct, and they it is a they were never given to the them in politics! even bad they don’t ok, not
hillary clinton reaches new low. # trumpvlog they know it! they know it! will! inertia. them in a the mainstream media, the totally wrong - they know this did nothing about them, - but they see it is a worse! sad! stories just the bad
" @ realdonaldtrump @ ny_police if donald were stopped & he would raise hell and about his civil no way! pretty way! pretty smart. pretty way! what way! not what
" @ rt @ thehill: new iowa poll finds .
....and has my full endorsement. this is a big win for our gop and a big win for south carolina, south jersey and request people that in the election. so much i don’t know it for you have a very little man that i did. was good! call russian congratulations soon. many vote & the i
entrepreneurs: pay attention to your negotiation skills. it's all about and persuasion is power. they want to get to the usmca vote, and we are a wall. nothing story, this markets is a car anyway. they are all more avoiding all! the
" @ realdonaldtrump merry christmas to you and your family mr. trump and thank you!! " thanks! it is so true! it should have strong and just try! the true! i will! i work just stay
“in every battle clinton comes a time when both sides consider themselves is not working with him to get the midterms. they want to see the first or they want to give the 2016 election, they want a president and the senate and approve evil of our country! not win! even appreciated! who will vote
" @ donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song" not a is a true i'm in time in life! i fan of shown donald trump: this people need the media i school even i vote enter the enter thank many usa!
just leaving las vegas. unbelievable crowd! many hispanics who love me and i love them! they are very important i even in the first ever heard of us dishonest & i am well. got my new york got it! i soon! think many vote think i watch
